

===== Scraped from: https://bleepingcomputer.com =====



===== Scraped from: https://hexacorn.com =====

	
 	
 							 

	

Welcome to Hexacorn!

Over last 2 decades I gained experience working directly and indirectly with companies, organizations and agencies all over the world. I worked with law enforcements, governments, financial authorities, financial companies, large consulting companies, US Defense contractors, card schemes, merchants as well as charities. I am BSc and over the years obtained many industry-standard certificates including CISSP, CISM, QSA, GCIH, GREM (I do not maintain them though).

The research presented on Hexacorn web site has attracted some attention from the security community, and it has been referenced or featured in a number of books, conference presentations, articles, and posts by many prominent researchers and academics.

These include the following:

SANS courses
The Art of Memory Forensics: Detecting Malware and Threats in Windows, Linux, and Mac Memory, by Michael Hale Ligh, Andrew Case, Jamie Levy
Windows Registry Forensics, Second Edition: Advanced Digital Forensic Analysis of the Windows Registry, by Harlan Carvey
Windows Malware Analysis Essentials, by Victor Marak
Technical Walkthrough: Office Test Persistence Method Used In Recent Sofacy Attacks, by Robert Falcone, Palo Alto
En Route with Sedinit (PDF), by ESET
Leveraging Proactive Defense to Defeat Modern Adversaries (PDF), by Andrew Case
Patterns of a Cooperative Malware Analysis Workflow (PDF), by Daniel Plohmann et al.
A guide to finding important business applications & os artifacts for your digital forensics investigations (PDF), by Magnet Forensics
Integrating Static and Dynamic Malware Analysis Using Machine Learning (PDF), by R. J. Mangialardo and J. C. Duarte
Malware Analysis Without Looking At Assembly Code (PDF), by John Franco
Digital Forensic Analysis on Prefetch Files (PDF), by Narasimha Shashidhar and Dylan Novak
A Survey of XOR as a Digital Obfuscation Technique in a Corpus of Real Data (PDF), by Carolina Zarate
Writing malware while the blue team is staring at you (PDF), by Mubix “Rob” Fuller, IBM X-Force
Malware Analysis Without Looking At Assembly Code (PDF), by John Franco
Untersuchung der Erkennung von Malware auf Microsof Systemen (PDF), by Krisztina Ágota Gyarmati
Zjišťování podobnosti malware (PDF), by Ondřej Fujtík

 

	 	 
 	 	 
 
 
 	 	 
 

													
Content for id "BGimgDiv" Goes Here

===== Scraped from: https://sentinelone.com =====

Join us for OneCon24.
Experiencing a Breach?
1-855-868-3733
Small Business
Contact
Cybersecurity Blog
EN
The First Security AI Platform to
Protect the Entire Enterprise.
Break Down Security Silos. Gain Enterprise-Wide Visibility and Control. Action Your Data In Real-time with AI.

Enterprise-Wide
Protection

Bring Your Entire Enterprise Ecosystem Together and Enrich Your Security Data.

Bring All Your
Data Together

All of Your Enterprise Data. Enriched and Secured in One Place. Turn Data Into Insights with the Singularity Data Lake.

Protect the
Future

Put Data to Work and Eliminate Risk with the Power of AI.

The Value of
One Platform

Consolidate products, maximize value, and improve business continuity. See why 4 of the Fortune 10 choose the SentinelOne platform over other security vendors.

Reduce
Risk
0%

Faster MTTR with
no delayed detections

Reduce
Costs
0%

Reduction in
operational costs

Maximize
Value
0%

Savings in data
retention costs

Increase
Efficiency
0%

Improvement
in automation

Cybersecurity Platform
AI Cybersecurity Built to
Protect Your Future

Equip your organization with the tools and intelligence to anticipate threats, manage vulnerabilities and protect your cloud, endpoint, and identity resources anywhere in the world. Combined with 24/7/365 threat hunting and managed services, SentinelOne is defining the future of cybersecurity with the Power of AI.

Protect the Endpoint

Securely manage your assets across your entire attack surface with AI-powered EPP, EDR, and XDR.

Secure the Cloud

The cloud is constantly evolving. Transform securely with real time cloud workload protection.

Fortify Identities

Reduce your Active Directory risk, detect and stop credential misuse, and prevent lateral movement.

Turn Data into Actionable Insights

Centralize and Transform Data for High-Performance, AI-Powered Security and Log Analytics.

Accelerate SecOps with Industry-Leading AI

Detect sooner, respond faster, and stay ahead of attacks with Purple AI from SentinelOne—the world’s most advanced AI cybersecurity analyst.

Take Control of Your Entire Security Ecosystem

Protect Everything.
All the Time.

Built on our revolutionary unified data lake, the SentinelOne AI Platform empowers your security teams with AI-powered security tools. Turn mountains of information into actionable insights, and respond in real-time.

Prevent Breaches. Eliminate Risk.

SentinelOne unites endpoint, cloud, identity protection with a XDR integration library for a seamless and efficient cybersecurity experience. Automate key processes and extend capability with a team of security experts.

Optimize Security. Maximize Value.

With one comprehensive security solution that can do it all, your teams save time. Consolidate disparate vendors, reduce training time, and accelerate your time to discovery and response with everything you need in one place.

Securing the Best of the Best
At SentinelOne, customers are #1. Global industry leaders across every vertical choose SentinelOne as their cybersecurity solution of today and tomorrow.

"I would describe SentinelOne in three words. Reliability, performance, and scalability.”

Raymond Schippers - Head of Threat Detection and Response at Canva

"Innovation is king and we have to move fast. SentinelOne gives us the confidence to move quickly, knowing that it has our back.”

Lou Senko - Chief Availability Officer at Q2

"We chose SentinelOne because of the protection. We believe out of the independent testing that SentinelOne is doing the best job in the market.”

Friedrich Wetschnig - CISO & VP Enterprise IT at Flex

"SentinelOne has changed the way we do cybersecurity.”

Tony Tuffe - IT Support Specialist at Norwegian Airlines

"SentinelOne was really like a self-driving car. It aided the team to do bigger and better things.”

Steve O’Conor - Director of IT at Aston Martin Lagonda LTD.

Canva
Q2
Flex
Norwegian
Aston Martin
A Leader in Endpoint Protection. Again.

A Leader in the 2023 Magic Quadrant™ for Endpoint Protection Platforms

01 / 04
Cybersecurity Resources
Resources for Security Leaders
Steve Wozniak to Headline SentinelOne’s OneCon 2024

Press

Steve Wozniak to Headline SentinelOne’s OneCon 2024
How Risk Management Fundamentals Lead to Success

Blog

How Risk Management Fundamentals Lead to Success
SentinelOne CEO Talks CrowdStrike Outage as Customers Look at Alternatives

News

SentinelOne CEO Talks CrowdStrike Outage as Customers Look at Alternatives
An Analyst’s Guide to Effective Threat Research

SentinelLabs

An Analyst’s Guide to Effective Threat Research
A Cloud Workload Protection Platform Buyer’s Guide

eBooks

A Cloud Workload Protection Platform Buyer’s Guide
SentinelOne CISO Checklist For Enterprise Security

Data Sheet

SentinelOne CISO Checklist For Enterprise Security
Mastering Endpoint Security | A CISO’s Blueprint for Resilience

Blog

Mastering Endpoint Security | A CISO’s Blueprint for Resilience
Experience the World’s Most Advanced Cybersecurity Platform

See how our intelligent, autonomous cybersecurity platform harnesses the power of data and AI to protect your organization now and into the future.

©2024 SentinelOne, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Notice
Master Subscription Agreement
Company
Our Customers
Why SentinelOne
Platform
About
Partners
Support
Careers
Legal & Compliance
Security & Compliance
Contact Us
Investor Relations
Resources
Blog
Labs
Product Tour
Press
News
FAQ
Resources
Ransomware Anthology
Global Headquarters

444 Castro Street
Suite 400
Mountain View, CA 94041

+1-855-868-3733

sales@sentinelone.com

Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Language
English

===== Scraped from: https://crowdstrike.com =====

See the latest news and announcements from Fal.Con Las Vegas! Visit the Fal.Con 2024 News Center
Skip to Main Content

The future

of cybersecurity

is here

Visit the Fal.Con 2024 News Center
Root Cause Analysis is Available
Read the findings, mitigations and technical details of the Channel File 291 Incident 
Fal.Con Las Vegas 2024
Get the latest updates on Fal.Con Las Vegas in the Fal.Con 2024 News Center 
Industry recognition
CrowdStrike named a Leader in the 2024 Frost Radar: Global Cloud Workload Protection Platform 
Unified platform. One agent. Complete protection.

CrowdStrike Falcon: Cybersecurity’s AI-native platform.

Explore now
Market leadership starts here
Report
CrowdStrike named a Leader by Gartner

A Leader for the fourth consecutive time in the 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Endpoint Protection Platforms.

Get the report
Report
CrowdStrike named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Cloud Workload Security, Q1 2024

CrowdStrike receives the highest position of all vendors in the Strategy category; receives the highest scores possible in the Vision and Innovation criteria.

Get the report
Report
CrowdStrike named a Leader in the Frost Radar™

A Leader for the second consecutive year in the 2024 Frost Radar: Global Cloud Workload Protection Platform.

 

Get the report
Customers trust CrowdStrike to protect what matters most
Intel Corporation
Jac Noel, Principal Engineer & Security Architect

We immediately started seeing the benefits of a modern security stack.” 

“
Watch their story
All testimonials
01
02
03
Experience industry-leading solutions
from one powerful platform
CrowdStrike Falcon® Cloud Security
Secure your cloud

Stop cloud breaches with unified agent and agentless protection.

Learn more
CrowdStrike Falcon® Identity Protection
Stop identity attacks

Real-time visibility, detection, and protection against all types of identity-based attacks.

Learn more
CrowdStrike Falcon® Next-Gen SIEM
Modernize your SOC

Get full visibility to uncover threats before they impact your business.

Learn more
 
    
Make every user of the CrowdStrike Falcon® platform a power user with CrowdStrike’s Generative AI security analyst.
Learn more

CrowdStrike is continually recognized as a leader by 3rd party organizations and customers. Learn more at crowdstrike.com/leader.

1 Customer expectations are based on calculations made by CrowdStrike with data provided by customers or prospective customers who conduct a Business Value Realized or Business Value Assessment. Average savings are from the Total Economic Impact™ of CrowdStrike Falcon Complete, commissioned by CrowdStrike, February 2021. Results are for a composite organization as stated in the study. Individual results may vary by customer.

2 Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Endpoint Protection Platforms, Peter Firstbrook, Chris Silva, 31 December 2022.

Gartner is a registered trademark and service mark and Magic Quadrant is a registered trademark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved. This graphic was published by Gartner, Inc. as part of a larger research document and should be evaluated in the context of the entire document. The Gartner document is available upon request from CrowdStrike. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, express or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.

Start your free trial now.

Total protection has never been easier. Take advantage of our free 15-day trial and explore the most popular solutions for your business:

Protect against malware with next-gen antivirus.
Get unrivaled visibility with USB device control.
Simplify your host firewall management.
Receive real-time insights with automated threat intelligence.
Request free trial
New to CrowdStrike?
About the Platform
Explore Products
Services
Why Choose CrowdStrike?
CrowdStrike Financial Services
Company
About CrowdStrike
Careers
Events
Newsroom
Partners
CrowdStrike Marketplace
Learn with CrowdStrike
2024 Global Threat Report
Cybersecurity 101
Your Threat Landscape
Tech Hub
View all resources
Contact Us
Experienced a breach?
Copyright © 2024
Contact Us
Privacy
Cookies
Your Privacy Choices
Terms of Use
Accessibility

===== Scraped from: https://reuters.com =====



===== Scraped from: https://att.com =====

Personal
Business
Find a store
Ver en español
Skip Navigation
Menu
Deals
Wireless
Internet
Accessories
Prepaid
Support
My AT&T
Start of main content
Deals
Phones & devices
Wireless
Phone plans
Internet
Prepaid
Bundles
ORDER NOW

844-249-5043

Which iPhone is right for you? Ask our experts 844.410.4903

Get the latest iPhone every year with AT&T Next Up AnytimeSM
Early upgrade elig. with qual. turn in. Next Up Anytime feature may be discontinued at any time. Limits & restr's apply.
Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024.
Shop now

Learn how everyone gets

The new iPhone 16 Pro on us, guaranteed
With eligible trade-in.
Subject to change. Terms and restrictions apply. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024. See offer details
Shop now
Great connections start here

Learn how everyone gets

iPhone 15 Pro Max for $20.99/mo.
No trade-in required
Limited time. Req’s 0% APR 36-mo. agmt. Well-qualified customers. See offer details 
Shop now

Learn how everyone gets

The new iPhone 16 Pro Max for up to $1,000 off, guaranteed

With eligible trade-in.

Subject to change. Terms and restrictions apply.

See offer details
Shop now

Learn how everyone gets

The new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip6 on us
When you trade in a Galaxy smartphone. Any year, any condition.
Limited time. Terms and restr's apply. See offer details 
Shop now

Learn how everyone gets

The new Google Pixel 9 Pro XL FREE
With a Pixel phone trade-in. Any year, any condition.
Limited time. Terms & restr’s apply. See offer details
Shop now

===== Scraped from: https://kaspersky.com =====

Skip to main content
Kaspersky logo
Home
Kaspersky Premium
Kaspersky Plus
Kaspersky Standard
Kaspersky Safe Kids
Kaspersky Password Manager
Renew License
Support
Trials & Downloads
Business
KSOS Portal
Trials & Downloads
Renew SMB license
Find a partner
Company Account
Kaspersky TIP
Support
Cloud Console
Partners
Find a reseller
Find a distributor
Partnership with Kaspersky
About us
Get to know us
Company overview
Transparency
Corporate News
Awards & Recognitions
Top 3 Rankings
Press center
Careers
Sponsorships
Policy blog
Contact us
My Account
Home
Business
Cybersecurity that’s always a step ahead
Keep your internet use safe and private and your devices running smoothly with one of our award-winning, easy-to-use security plans.
Compatible with:
Windows®
macOS®
Android™
iOS®
See All Products
Already have a licence? Renew now
Kaspersky wins “Product of the Year”
We won the top award at AV-Comparatives, a leading European test lab, after outscoring 14 competitors across a series of rigorous tests.

Our win comes from exceptional results in categories including malware detection, targeted attack prevention, and impact on system performance.
Your trust in us has been well placed.
Last year’s stats say it all
437M
cyber-attacks stopped
106M
unique malicious URLs blocked
112M
unique malicious objects neutralised
Live your best digital life
Whether you only want to cover the essentials or need high-level support for the whole family, we have a plan for you.
Kaspersky
Standard
Customer rating 4.62439 out of 5 stars. 205 reviews
(205 reviews)
Windows®
macOS®
Android™
iOS®
Enhanced security with device performance booster
Learn More
Kaspersky
Plus
Customer rating 4.67619 out of 5 stars. 315 reviews
(315 reviews)
Windows®
macOS®
Android™
iOS®
Combines security, performance & privacy features in one app
Learn More
Kaspersky
Premium
Customer rating 4.71345 out of 5 stars. 684 reviews
(684 reviews)
Windows®
macOS®
Android™
iOS®
Complete protection for your devices, online privacy & identity
Learn More
Why choose Kaspersky?
Protection
Protection
Performance
Performance
Easy to use
Easy to use
Complete protection
Each Kaspersky plan uses cutting-edge AI technology to detect and stop any type of online threat – even ones that haven’t been seen before. So every time you connect to the internet, we:
Protect your privacy by blocking unauthorised attempts to access your webcam or track your activity on websites.
Secure your payments in a hacker-proof Protected Browser when you shop or bank online.
Keep intruders out of your network and check websites and emails are safe for you to open.
What our customers say
I went with Kaspersky because I heard it would be light on my resources. I thought I might sacrifice some protection – but this was not the case!
I went with Kaspersky because I heard it would be light on my resources. I thought I might sacrifice some protection – but this was not the case!
5 out of 5 stars
Phillip
I feel like I get just as much if not more protection than any competitors offer. All while running very quietly in the background.
I feel like I get just as much if not more protection than any competitors offer. All while running very quietly in the background.
4 out of 5 stars
Alkirk
A great product for everyone, Kaspersky is easy to use and gives you all-round protection. I like the straightforward way it carries out updates and fixes errors.
A great product for everyone, Kaspersky is easy to use and gives you all-round protection. I like the straightforward way it carries out updates and fixes errors.
4 out of 5 stars
Bernie
My husband and I have used Kaspersky for a couple of years now. We are both big-time gamers and this is the only product we've found that doesn't mess with our World of Warcraft play. It’s the absolute best!
My husband and I have used Kaspersky for a couple of years now. We are both big-time gamers and this is the only product we've found that doesn't mess with our World of Warcraft play. It’s the absolute best!
4 out of 5 stars
Kandee733
As a senior citizen, scams are a part of our everyday life. I've used Kaspersky Protection for many years and will continue to cover myself and my Family with this beneficial service.
As a senior citizen, scams are a part of our everyday life. I've used Kaspersky Protection for many years and will continue to cover myself and my Family with this beneficial service.
5 out of 5 stars
Community A.
Tried other products and always went back to Kaspersky. Solid products, lightweight, intuitive UI. Have it on multiple devices in my family, including teenagers, and never had any systems compromised.
Tried other products and always went back to Kaspersky. Solid products, lightweight, intuitive UI. Have it on multiple devices in my family, including teenagers, and never had any systems compromised.
4 out of 5 stars
RCanuck
Everyone has the right to be free of cybersecurity fears.
Eugene Kaspersky
Chief Executive Officer, Kaspersky
Learn More About Us
Most tested. Most awarded.
Over the last year, Kaspersky products appeared in 100 independent comparative tests - winning 93 first-place awards.
Product of the Year 2023
Top Threat Protection
Advanced Threat Protection
TopProduct 2023
Absolute Android Protection
Latest cybersecurity news
At a time of growing threats, learn how we change the cybersecurity game.
Tomorrow Unlocked
Documentaries and investigations into the future world of tech.
Find Out More
 
Kaspersky Daily
Fresh cybersecurity tips and tricks published every day.
Find Out More
 
SecureList
Threat analysis, statistics, and the Virus Encyclopedia.
Find Out More
 
Home Solutions
Kaspersky Standard
Kaspersky Plus
Kaspersky Premium
Kaspersky Safe Kids
Kaspersky Password Manager
All Solutions
Device Specific Solutions
Android Antivirus
Mac Antivirus
Mobile Security
Windows Antivirus
Small & Medium Business
Kaspersky Small Office Security
Kaspersky Next EDR Foundations
Kaspersky Next EDR Optimum
All Products
Enterprise Solutions
Kaspersky Next
Cybersecurity Services
Kaspersky MDR
Endpoint Security
Kaspersky Threat Intelligence
Hybrid Cloud Security
All Solutions

© 2024 AO Kaspersky Lab

Privacy policy
Online Tracking Opt-Out Guide
Anti-Corruption Policy
Licence Agreement B2C
Licence Agreement B2B
India
Contact Us
About Us
Partners
Blog
Resource Center
Press Releases
Sitemap
Careers
Unsubscribe from Push Notifications

===== Scraped from: https://webroot.com =====

For Home  •  For Business  •  About Webroot
My Account • Renew / Upgrade • Cart
 
United States
FOR HOME
 
FOR BUSINESS
 
PARTNERS
 
THREAT INTELLIGENCE
 
COMPANY
Up to 50% off
For when your kid downloaded WHAT?!? on their new computer
Prepare for back-to-school with Webroot.

AntiVirus | Privacy | Identity Protection

See plans & pricing
No matter what (digital) life throws at you, Webroot’s got you covered with all-in-one protection

We’ve created an always evolving solution to protect you against tomorrow’s cyber threats. It's simple, quiet, efficient, and built to protect your devices, identity and privacy.

Device

Always–On, proactive AntiVirus with 6x faster scans

Identity

Dark web and financial monitoring alerts with up to $1M in stolen funds and identity fraud expense reimbursement

Privacy

Cleans your devices for improved performance and eliminates traces of online activity

Experience Webroot for yourself

Select a plan that's right for you.

Select plan
Can't decide?

Let us help you. Answer a few quick questions and we'll point you in the right direction.

Help me choose
285+ Million
protected devices across home users, businesses and technology partners
One of the best protections I have used

"I have no complaints, no problems at all, I feel Webroot is protecting my computer 100%"

Consistent protection and confidence

"I've always had issues with several other security software products but absolutely none with Webroot..."

Awesome Product

"This protects everything and doesn't slow down your computer or interrupt in any way, you don't even know its there, has never failed."

Reliable protection I count on

"I find Webroot to be very reliable in finding questionable sites. It includes automatic scanning so I don't have to worry..."

Award-winning solutions you can trust. Webroot’s antivirus software is recognized by leading industry associations.

Protect your business with Webroot. Discover our best-in-class solutions.

For business

 

* Webroot SecureAnywhere Internet Security with Antivirus vs. Eight Competitors Performance Benchmarks - PassMark Software 2023

 

385 Interlocken Crescent
Suite 800
Broomfield, CO 80021 USA

PRODUCTS & SERVICES
For Home
For Business
Renew / Upgrade
PARTNERS
Managed Service Providers
Resellers
Technology Partners
Affiliates
Find a Partner
RESOURCES
Community
Blog
Cybersecurity Education
User Guides
Release Notes
COMPANY
About Webroot
About OpenText
Careers
Press Room
Awards and Testimonials
Contact
Copyright © 2024 Open Text Corporation. All rights reserved.
Legal Privacy Cookie Policy Sitemap Webroot.com Cookie Preferences

We have recently updated our Privacy Policies. We encourage you to read the full terms here.

    

===== Scraped from: https://welivesecurity.com =====

Award-winning news, views, and insight from the ESET security community

English
TIPS & ADVICE
BUSINESS SECURITY
ESET RESEARCH
WeLiveScience
FEATURED
TOPICS
ABOUT US

ESET RESEARCH

ESET Research Podcast: EvilVideo

ESET Research • 17 Sep 2024 • 1 min. read

Next

BUSINESS SECURITY

Untangling the hiring dilemma: How security solutions free up HR processes

BUSINESS SECURITY

MDR: Unlocking the power of enterprise-grade security for businesses of all sizes

Latest Articles

VIDEO

Influencing the influencers | Unlocked 403 cybersecurity podcast (ep. 6)

How do analyst relations professionals 'sort through the noise' and help deliver the not-so-secret sauce for a company's success? We spoke with ESET's expert to find out.

Editor • 19 Sep 2024

BUSINESS SECURITY

Understanding cyber-incident disclosure

Proper disclosure of a cyber-incident can help shield your business from further financial and reputational damage, and cyber-insurers can step in to help

Tony Anscombe • 18 Sep 2024

ESET RESEARCH

ESET Research Podcast: EvilVideo

ESET researchers discuss how they uncovered a zero-day Telegram for Android exploit that allowed attackers to send malicious files posing as videos

ESET Research • 17 Sep 2024

DIGITAL SECURITY

AI security bubble already springing leaks

Artificial intelligence is just a spoke in the wheel of security – an important spoke but, alas, only one

Cameron Camp • 16 Sep 2024

VIDEO, RANSOMWARE

CosmicBeetle joins the ranks of RansomHub affiliates – Week in security with Tony Anscombe

ESET research also finds that CosmicBeetle attempts to exploit the notoriety of the LockBit ransomware gang to advance its own ends

Editor • 13 Sep 2024

SCAMS

6 common Geek Squad scams and how to defend against them

Learn about the main tactics used by scammers impersonating Best Buy’s tech support arm and how to avoid falling for their tricks

Phil Muncaster • 11 Sep 2024

ESET RESEARCH

CosmicBeetle steps up: Probation period at RansomHub

CosmicBeetle, after improving its own ransomware, tries its luck as a RansomHub affiliate

Jakub Souček • 10 Sep 2024

VIDEO

Bitcoin ATM scams skyrocket – Week in security with Tony Anscombe

The schemes disproportionately victimize senior citizens, as those aged 60 or over were more than three times as likely as younger adults to fall prey to the scams

Editor • 06 Sep 2024

ESET RESEARCH

ESET Research Podcast: HotPage

ESET researchers discuss HotPage, a recently discovered adware armed with a highest-privilege, yet vulnerable, Microsoft-signed driver

ESET Research • 05 Sep 2024

BUSINESS SECURITY

The key considerations for cyber insurance: A pragmatic approach

Would a more robust cybersecurity posture impact premium costs? Does the policy offer legal cover? These are some of the questions organizations should consider when reviewing their cyber insurance options

Tony Anscombe • 04 Sep 2024

MALWARE

In plain sight: Malicious ads hiding in search results

Sometimes there’s more than just an enticing product offer hiding behind an ad

Márk Szabó • 03 Sep 2024

VIDEO

Stealing cash using NFC relay – Week in Security with Tony Anscombe

The discovery of the NGate malware by ESET Research is another example of how sophisticated Android threats have become

Editor • 28 Aug 2024

<
1
2
3
4
...
541
>
Let us keep you up to date

Sign up for our newsletters

Ukraine Crisis newsletter
Regular weekly newsletter
Subscribe
Follow us

Award-winning news, views, and insight from the ESET security community

About us
ESET
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Legal Information
Manage Cookies
RSS Feed
Copyright © ESET, All Rights Reserved

===== Scraped from: https://virusbulletin.com =====

Newsletter
VB Conference
VB Testing
Bulletin
Blog
VB2024 takes place 2-4 October in Dublin, Ireland. Registration is now open.
‹
›
Bulletin

An indispensable source of reference for anyone concerned with computer security, the Bulletin is the forum through which leading security researchers publish the latest security research and information in a bid to share knowledge with the security community.

Publications cover the latest threats, new developments and techniques in the security landscape, opinions from respected members of the industry, and more. The Bulletin archives offer informative articles going back to 1989.

Testing

With almost two decades of experience, VB is one of the world leaders in security software testing.

Our regular public test reports cover anti-malware protections of all types as well as enterprise-level email and web security solutions. Our team of expert testers and our testing frameworks are also available for a wide range of private testing and consultancy work.

Latest report:
 VBSpam June 2024

Conference

A world-renowned security event, the annual VB Conference has been running for over 30 years, covering a broad range of IT security topics and providing a venue for the brains of IT security from around the world to learn, debate, pass on their knowledge and move the industry forward.

The VB Conference is considered by many to be a must-attend security event.

VB2024 will take place 2-4 October 2024 in Dublin, Ireland.

 

 

Latest VB blog post
VBSpam tests to be executed under the AMTSO framework
Posted by   Virus Bulletin on   Jun 24, 2024

VB is excited to announce that, starting from the Q3 test, all VBSpam tests of email security products will be executed under the AMTSO framework.

READ MORE  
Tweets by virusbtn

About us

Contact us

Advisory board

Press information

Security events calendar

Virus Bulletin newsletter

Testing

VB100

VBSpam

Consultancy services

Spammers' Compendium

VB2023 (London)

VB2022 (Prague)

VB2021 localhost

VB2020 localhost

VB2019 (London)

Older conferences

	 	
	 	
	 	
	 	

©1989-2024 Virus Bulletin.        Privacy policy        Cookies        Terms and Conditions

We have placed cookies on your device in order to improve the functionality of this site, as outlined in our cookies policy. However, you may delete and block all cookies from this site and your use of the site will be unaffected. By continuing to browse this site, you are agreeing to Virus Bulletin's use of data as outlined in our privacy policy.

 

===== Scraped from: https://tadviser.com =====

RSS
News
News
Irina Afonina elected Director General of KIFA
PT Sandbox has expanded the possibilities of signature analysis using the expertise of the vendor "VirusBlokAda"
VTB ID will help customers increase conversion to Avito
"Patio" implemented Axelot WMS
Pragmatic Tools Migrator 2.6 released
RuBackup 2.2 version presented
Systham Electric and SberDevices introduced smart devices
VKontakte users have access to a new design and accelerated loading of VK Messenger
Norbit launches AI Vendor Kit for rapid AI adoption
Inspectors of Gostekhnadzor are assisted by a software robot
Axelot automates Logistics Orient customs warehouse
HRBox patform is compatible with Red OS
Solar NGFW received a certificate of compliance with the requirements of the FSTEC of Russia
Passwork has received an official certificate of compatibility with the software "SKDPU NT Access Gateway"
InfoWatch and iT Bastion entered into a cooperation agreement
Sakhalin periodicals will be digitized at ElarSkan
Software developed in Java and C# turned out to be the most vulnerable
Fast copying became available in "VK Board"
Version of Termit 2.2 introduced
Vyacheslav Kasymov appointed General Director of TTK-Svyaz
'Airplane'uses LakeHouse concept to manage data
Fort Telecom will develop its own V2X stack
"KOMPAS-3D" is compatible with "MSVSphere AWS" operating system 9
Axiom JDK Pro 23 version presented
"Evotor" provided cash equipment and software stores "About"
ELMA365 CSP is integrated with "Kontur. Confidence"
HRlink has connected a second certification center
Finservugi introduced a domestic platform for automation of targeted marketing
The revenue of residents of the SEZ "Technopolice Moscow" in the first half of 2024 increased 7.5 times
RooX UIDM has the ability to customize the Windows login script
Gazinformservice, together with SKB Kontur, is developing EDO between Russia and China
UAZ-Auto Component switched to 1C:ERP
Compatibility between SpaceVM virtualization platform and Paladin universal servers confirmed
Security Vision 5 platform received new functionality
Hybrid Console has a conversion accounting split
More news
The ex-head of the Ukrainian region, who entered data into the Shlyakh IT border crossing system for money, remained free on bail of $726 thousand.
The total revenue of dating services in Russia for the year increased by 26.6%
Seaports have begun using robots that self-load cars onto ferries. VIDEO
Bank of Russia spoke about the first financial pyramid in the CFA market
How drones deliver food in China. VIDEO
Timur Turlov: More Than Five Million Customers Trust Freedom's Ecosystem
Smart treatment facilities, digital water utility of Donbass. 12 housing and communal services projects with a volume of 4 billion rubles claim the status of particularly significant
"Raised prices tenfold." FSTEK - on the high cost of Russian software 5.5k
MMK allocated 3 billion rubles for digitalization
A digital register of illegal migrants is being created in the Russian Federation. Those who get there will be banned from marrying, driving and using banks
PayPal has entered a fee for inactive accounts in Russia. Money will be written off from balances 2.1k
Banks in Russia began to switch to domestic certification centers instead of Microsoft
Former Oracle employees in Russia asked Putin not to deprive them of bonuses 4.4k
The Russian army received a wheel robot "Cricket" to evacuate the wounded and bring goods to the front line
The Rising Costs of Cybersecurity: Is It Worth It? 2.2k
Hackers turned off DrWeb antivirus update for several days
Annual sales of set-top boxes in the world exceeded $28 billion 4.2k
Infra.TAdviser
Russia's leading Open Source development companies named 5k
A new direction of science has been opened in Russia - non-local photonics
Blocking of online calls appeared in "SearchInform CIB"
MSVSFERA OS has been tested on the entire line of Inferit servers
VK bought the workshop of the Pervomayskaya CHPP for the creation of a data center
The main trends of the world data center market in 2024 are named 2.9k
PT NGFW is included in the register of Ministry of Digital Development of Russia
MSVSphera OS is integrated with the ispmanager control panel
Alt Server 10 OS is compatible with R-Vision CKIB
The Apache web server has a critical vulnerability. FSTEC recommends taking action
The volume of the global market for data center cooling systems for the year grew to $3.87 billion
Why Russia's serverless revolution has stalled - TA opinions
No more Oracle: Sberbank has completely transferred the issue and maintenance of bank cards to its own processing platform
Astra Group launches cloud platform to replace Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services
The volume of the Russian virtualization software market for the year reached 6.3 billion rubles
Wildberries has a major IT failure - ordering points are not available
Almi Partner Product Compatibility with Fplus Hardware Confirmed
Transition to Russian OS. The head of North Ossetia spoke about the digitalization of the region
How to transfer 300 TB of data from IBM and Oracle solutions to Russian ones. RSKB experience on TAdviser SummIT
Over 5 years, the share of Russian companies implementing data management initiatives has grown 5 times
Accounts Chamber found ineffective procurement of Ministry of Digital Development for schools and colleges
What is Required to Succeed in Human Resources? 2.8k
41.3 billion rubles were pledged for the Fedproekt "Personnel for Digital Transformation" 2.1k
Moscow transfers procurement system from Oracle to PostgreSQL for 1.3 billion rubles 5.7k
An electronic register of military summons has been launched in Russia
Fin.TAdviser Banks / Finance / Economy
The head of the International Boxing Association Umar Kremlev became the owner of 50% of the construction holding AVA Group
The largest plant of polymer pipes in the Caucasus was opened to protect communication cables. 3 billion rubles invested in it
In the Tyumen region will build a tourist cluster "Pearl of Siberia" for 60 billion rubles
The President of Farmasintez has created a company for the construction of a railway terminal for receiving containers for billions of rubles
Imports of stationery to Russia began to grow again
The richest Ukrainian businessmen are named. List
Budget expenditures of the Moscow region for the year increased by 9.1% and reached 1.24 trillion rubles
Udarnaya TPP launched in Krasnodar Territory for 55 billion rubles to reduce energy deficit
Admission of students to technical schools and colleges in Russia for the year increased by 5.8% 3.5k
Moscow budget expenditures for the year reached 4.4 trillion rubles
Imports of perfume oils to Russia for the year decreased by 29%
Russia climbed to ninth place in terms of spending on science
Automaker Soueast entered the Russian market
The rating of the most expensive buildings in St. Petersburg is presented. Their total value is 16 trillion rubles
The creation of the first cable taxi in Russia has begun
34 billion rubles were allocated to finance the fishing industry in Russia in 2024 3.7k
The project for the construction of the St. Petersburg metro until 2030 has been approved. They will spend 1.3 trillion rubles. Card
A plant for the production of asbestos-free brakes was launched in Barnaul for 157 million rubles
Aerated concrete production plant launched in Karelia for 1 billion rubles
Deliveries of tents from abroad to Russia for the year increased by 15% 4.1k
In Russia, created an ultra-thin optical cable, without which neither aviation nor the fleet will do
Almost 11 billion rubles were allocated to increase the number of road cameras in St. Petersburg
Challenges continue: Intel loses mega-contract to produce processors for new PlayStation game consoles
Data center emissions 662% higher than Microsoft, Apple and Google claim
Rosfinmonitoring spoke about the scheme of money laundering through marketplaces
The volume of services in the field of computer programming in Kazakhstan for the year increased by 41.1%
President of Belarus Lukashenko banned the purchase and sale of cryptocurrency outside Belarusian crypto exchanges
Russian crowdlanding platform Lender Invest attracted 150 million rubles of investment
Shipyard "Emperium" presented the river passenger electric ship "Moika 2.0"
Alfa Capital became a co-owner of the manufacturer of 3D printers AVP ZIAS, estimated at 4.4 billion rubles
Rostelecom paid 1.4 billion rubles under the employee motivation program
Mass production of electric motors for UAVs launched in Bashkiria
Explosion of pagers in Lebanon: How it is technically implemented and is it possible to repeat this in Russia - TA opinions
Ozon launched a logistics complex in Domodedovo for 4.8 billion rubles 7.2k
Rosseti approved a digital transformation strategy
The first mobile radio communication standard for security officials is being created in Russia
The owners of "Ulmart" made the last word 3.8k
The Ministry of Construction of the Russian Federation has developed a system for assessing the introduction of AI in the construction industry by 12 parameters
The roadmap for digitalization of the United Engine Corporation has been developed 2.5k
Wildberries reported an attempt to illegally enter Vladislav Bakalchuk with security at the company's office. There was a shooting. VIDEO 8.2k
Electricity consumption by data centers in the United States soared by 80%
How telephone scammers lured 2.7 million rubles from the former press secretary of the Moscow Puppet Theater. Obraztsov
Co-owner of the Russian manufacturer of industrial robots "Robotics and Motors" fully bought out the company
The Ministry of Digital Development of the Russian Federation held a training for the regions on the methodological support of digital transformation strategies
Vice President for Informatization of Rosneft Andrei Shishkin left the company
Eugene Kaspersky established a personal scholarship
Russia began to pay China for cryptocurrency electronics
The first Russian complex for debugging software created for domestic microcircuits was presented
The Ministry of Digital Development of the Russian Federation is going to begin researches of the standard of mobile communication 6G
The flagship SAP product is no longer needed by anyone. Sales go to the bottom
In Russia, the implementation of three projects for the creation of new ultralight class launch vehicles began at the same time
Telephone scammers in Russia began to offer discount tariffs for communication 4.2k
Texas police received UAVs, which are the first to go to the crime scene. VIDEO
Arenadata Group announced its intention to conduct an IPO on the Moscow Exchange 2.4k
The head of the military representative office of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation was detained on charges of receiving a bribe when purchasing communication cables worth 1.2 billion rubles
How large IT companies in Russia master the markets of the DPR, LPR, Zaporozhye and Kherson regions - TA opinions
Ministry of Industry and Trade: Open I&C development center launched in Russia
+
More news


About TAdviser

Total publications: 335035

Total companies: 65602

Total products: 32076

Total projects: 71823

All rights reserved and protected by law.

© 2005-2024

.

===== Scraped from: https://forumspb.com =====

 Become a partner

Rus Eng
CLOSE
Search
ABOUT THE FORUM
BUSINESS PROGRAMME
SPIEF EVENTS
PARTNERS
MEDIA
SERVICES
MENU
ST. PETERSBURG INTERNATIONAL
ECONOMIC FORUM
PRESIDENT OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION VLADIMIR PUTIN SENT GREETING TO THE PARTICIPANTS, ORGANIZERS AND GUESTS OF THE 27TH ST PETERSBURG INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC FORUM
5–8 JUNE
2024
ExpoForum

64/1, Peterburgskoye Shosse



25 July 2024
The Russian President’s list of instructions following St. Petersburg International Economic Forum 2024 has been published
10 July 2024
Over 100 Business Russia entrepreneurs spoke at over 40 SPIEF 2024 events and held dozens of negotiations with foreign partners
09 July 2024
Dobroshrift at SPIEF 2024: writing the future together
PLENARY SESSION


THE 27TH ST. PETERSBURG INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC FORUM



One of the biggest and most important business events in the world. Over the past 26 years, the Forum has cemented its status as a leading international event focusing on key issues on the global economic agenda. It provides a platform for participants to exchange best practices and expertise in the interests of sustainable development.

SPIEF has been held annually since 1997. Since 2005, it has been held under the auspices of the President of the Russian Federation, who has also attended each event.

In 2021, SPIEF was the first business event of such magnitude to be held offline since the unavoidable break caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.

SPIEF offers an unrivalled space for dialogue and forging business ties. It provides an opportunity to find partners with the aim of securing business growth in Russia and abroad. Participants are also afforded the ability to expand their circle of customers and suppliers, and to meet key decision makers. There are also ample opportunities to attract the attention of potential investors and leading media outlets.

More than 17,000 participants from 130 countries took part in the SPIEF 2023 events in both offline and online formats. More than 900 agreements worth a total of RUB 3.860 billion were signed at the Forum (including 43 agreements with representatives of foreign companies, among them two with Italy and Spain. This figure only includes the agreements whose value is not a commercial secret).

SPIEF Brochure Business programme

BECOME A PARTNER



Forum Partner is a prestigious status awarded to successful companies recognized as participants in the business community. Partner status opens up the most effective opportunities for promoting your company at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum venue.

Read more




SPIEF INVESTMENT & BUSINESS EXPO



The SPIEF Investment & Business Expo exhibition is held as part of the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum. The exhibition is a unique space for building a constructive dialogue, searching for solutions, consolidating efforts and fostering exchange of experience among the Forum participants.

The exhibition will run throughout the Forum, and will be open to all participants.

Read more







PARTNERS – 2024
Title Partners
All partners

Title Partner

Title Partner

General Partners and Sponsors

General Partners and Sponsors

General Partners and Sponsors

General Partners and Sponsors

Strategic Partner

OFFICIAL AIRLINE OF THE FORUM

Official Car of the Forum

General Partners and Sponsors

General Partners and Sponsors

General Partners and Sponsors

General Partners and Sponsors

General Partners and Sponsors

General Partners and Sponsors

General Partners and Sponsors

General Partners and Sponsors

Strategic Partner

OFFICIAL AIRLINE OF THE FORUM

Official Car of the Forum

General Partners and Sponsors

General Partners and Sponsors

General Partners and Sponsors

General Partners and Sponsors

General Partners and Sponsors

General Partners and Sponsors




ROSCONGRESS FOUNDATION EVENTS
Eurasian Women’s Forum
DEVELOPMENT
SOCIAL INITIATIVES
WOMEN'S ASSOCIATIONS
18–20 September 2024
St. Petersburg, Russia
Russian Energy Week 2024
26-28 September, 2024
Manege Central Exhibition Hall, Moscow
Russian Winemaking Forum
7–8 november 2024
Moscow, Russia





















+7 (812) 680 0000
info@forumspb.com
 
© 2007–2024

The Roscongress Foundation

The founder of the forumspb online publication is the Roscongress Foundation (formerly the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum Foundation).

The mass media registration certificate EL No. FS 77-62977 was issued by the Federal Service for Supervision of Communications, Information Technology and Mass Media (Roskomnadzor) on 4 September 2015.

Editor-in-Chief: Andrey Reut
Tel.: +7 (495) 640 4440
Email: info@forumspb.com

 

Materials posted on this site may be used for non-commercial purposes, provided that the source of the information and the name of the author (if any) are indicated. The use of any services to automatically extract information from the website without the express permission of the Roscongress Foundation is prohibited.

You can find out about the rules of using materials on the website here.

===== Scraped from: https://netresec.com =====

Experts in network security monitoring and network forensics
NETRESEC| Products| Training| Resources| Blog| About Netresec
NETRESEC
Network Forensics and
Network Security Monitoring

Netresec is an independent software vendor with focus on the network security field. We specialize in software for network forensics and analysis of network traffic.

Our most well known product is NetworkMiner, which is available in a professional as well as free open source version. We also develop and maintain other software tools, such as CapLoader (for big pcap files) and RawCap (a lightweight sniffer).

We at Netresec additionally maintain a comprehensive list of publicly available pcap files.

NetworkMiner

NetworkMiner is a Network Forensic Analysis Tool (NFAT) for Windows. NetworkMiner can be used as a passive network sniffer/packet capturing tool in order to detect operating systems, sessions, hostnames, open ports etc. without putting any traffic on the network. NetworkMiner can also parse PCAP files for off-line analysis and to regenerate/reassemble transmitted files and certificates from PCAP files.

CapLoader

CapLoader is a Windows tool designed to handle large amounts of captured network traffic in the tcpdump/libpcap format (PCAP). CapLoader displays the contents of opened PCAP files as a list of TCP and UDP flows. Users can select the flows of interest and quickly filter out those packets from the loaded PCAP files. Sending the selected flows/packets to a packet analyzer tool like Wireshark or NetworkMiner is then just a mouse click away.

PolarProxy

PolarProxy is a transparent TLS and SSL inspection proxy created for incident responders, malware analysts and security researchers. PolarProxy is primarily designed to intercept and decrypt TLS encrypted traffic from malware that is run in a controlled environment, such as a sandbox. PolarProxy decrypts and re-encrypts TLS traffic, while also saving the decrypted traffic in a PCAP file.

Additional software from Netresec can be found on our products page.

Headlines from our Blog


CapLoader 1.9.7 Released
A new release of CapLoader has been published! Some of the changes can be seen directly in the user interface, such as Community ID values for flows and a few other new columns in the Flows and Services tabs. Other improvements are more subtle, like improved detection of remote management protocols[...]
How to Inspect TLS Encrypted Traffic
Do you want to analyze decrypted TLS traffic in Wireshark or let an IDS, like Suricata, Snort or Zeek, inspect the application layer data of potentially malicious TLS encrypted traffic? There are many different TLS inspection solutions to choose from, but not all of them might be suitable for the sp[...]
Online Network Forensics Class
I will teach two live online classes this autumn, one in October and one in November. The subject for both classes is network forensics for incident response. The training is split into four interactive morning sessions, so that you have the afternoon free to either practice what you learned in clas[...]
Remote Sniffing from Mikrotik Routers
One of the new features in NetworkMiner 2.9 is a TZSP streaming server. It is designed to read a real-time stream of sniffed packets from Mikrotik routers. This method for remote sniffing can be used to capture packets regardless if NetworkMiner is running in Windows or Linux. How to Sniff Packets w[...]
NetworkMiner 2.9 Released
NetworkMiner 2.9 brings several new and improved features to help analysts make sense of network traffic from malware, criminals and industrial control systems. Highlights from this new version include: TZSP supportStealC extractorImproved Modbus parserJA4 supportGTP decapsulationMalware Traffic Art[...]
Kubernetes Cryptojacking
In this video I take a look at a cryptojacking attack against a Kubernetes honeypot. The attackers were surprisingly quick to discover this unsecured Kubernetes deployment and use it to mine Monero for them. The analyzed capture files can be downloaded fromhttps://share.netresec.com/s/S5ZG2cDKB9Abqw[...]
PolarProxy 1.0 Released
I am thrilled to announce the release of PolarProxy version 1.0 today! Several bugs that affected performance, stability and memory usage have now been resolved in our TLS inspection proxy. PolarProxy has also been updated with better logic for importing external root CA certificates and the HAProxy[...]
Network Forensics training at x33fcon
This training has been canceled. Our upcoming training events can be found here:https://www.netresec.com/?page=Training
𝙽𝙴𝚃𝚁𝙴𝚂𝙴𝙲 | Contact Us | Privacy | X | Mastodon | RSS | News Feed

===== Scraped from: https://brighttalk.com =====

Discover and learn with the world's brightest B2B professionals

Access expertise from thousands of leading companies and millions of registered users

Browse content by topics

Discover the most popular and trending topics on BrightTALK.See all topics

Most popular
Most popular
Learn about our business products

Create content and build demand with our all-in-one platform.Why BrightTALK

Webinar Platform

Easy to use. Extensible. Incredibly productive.

Demand Generation

Engage more of B2B’s most active audiences.

Virtual Events

Scale and polish you can depend on.

Video Production

Ensuring your brand stands out.

===== Scraped from: https://libevent.org =====

An Event Notification Library
Support & Info
Bug Tracking: Bugs & Features
Mailing List: Info
Git Repository: github (sourceforge - deprecated)
License: 3-clause BSD
IRC: #libevent on OFTC
Happy Hacking
You can make Libevent developers happy by reducing our wishlists!
Nick's list – Niels's list
Sponsors
Thanks to AppNexus for sponsoring Libevent development in 2012!
The libevent API provides a mechanism to execute a callback function when a specific event occurs on a file descriptor or after a timeout has been reached. Furthermore, libevent also support callbacks due to signals or regular timeouts.

libevent is meant to replace the event loop found in event driven network servers. An application just needs to call event_dispatch() and then add or remove events dynamically without having to change the event loop.

Currently, libevent supports /dev/poll, kqueue(2), event ports, POSIX select(2), Windows select(), poll(2), and epoll(4). The internal event mechanism is completely independent of the exposed event API, and a simple update of libevent can provide new functionality without having to redesign the applications. As a result, Libevent allows for portable application development and provides the most scalable event notification mechanism available on an operating system. Libevent can also be used for multi-threaded applications, either by isolating each event_base so that only a single thread accesses it, or by locked access to a single shared event_base. Libevent should compile on Linux, *BSD, Mac OS X, Solaris, Windows, and more.

Libevent additionally provides a sophisticated framework for buffered network IO, with support for sockets, filters, rate-limiting, SSL, zero-copy file transmission, and IOCP. Libevent includes support for several useful protocols, including DNS, HTTP, and a minimal RPC framework.

More information about event notification mechanisms for network servers can be found on Dan Kegel's "The C10K problem" web page.

A mailing list for libevent is now available. Libevent is maintained by Nick Mathewson, Azat Khuzhin and Niels Provos.

Documentation
Book: Programming with Libevent.
Reference: 1.4.x-stable 2.0.x-stable 2.1.x-stable master
ABI/API compatibility report: releases master
What's new in: 2.0.x-stable  2.1.x-alpha.
Download–Stable releases

These are the ones you probably want for software development, unless you like to track the latest development versions and report bugs in them.

libevent-2.1.12-stable.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
PR
Released 2020-07-05
libevent-2.1.11-stable.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
Released 2019-08-01 (ABI changed)
libevent-2.1.10-stable.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
Released 2019-05-26
libevent-2.1.8-stable.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
Released 2017-01-22
Changelog to follow
libevent-2.0.22-stable.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
Released 2014-01-05
Changelog to follow
libevent-2.0.21-stable.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
Released 2012-11-18
Several SSL correctness and performance fixes.
Build fixes for mingw64
Avoid a few resource leaks
and more...
libevent-2.0.20-stable.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
Released 2012-08-23
Fix a crash on windows.
Make event_pending() threadsafe.
Another SSL callback behavior fixes
Avoid an evdns segfault (Greg Hazel)
and more...
libevent-1.4.15-stable.tar.gz ChangeLog
Released 2015-01-05
Changelog to follow
libevent-1.4.14b-stable.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
Released 2010-06-07
Backport evbuffer_readln()
Fix a crash when reading badly formatted resolve.conf (Yasuoka Masahiko)
Make evutil_make_socket_nonblocking() leave any other flags alone (Jardel Weyrich)
Adjusted fcntl() retval comparison on evutil_make_socket_nonblocking() (Jardel Weyrich)
Re-add event_siglcb; some old code _was_ still using it. :(
Make Libevent 1.4 build on win32 with Unicode enabled. (Brodie Thiesfield)
Distribute nmake makefile for 1.4
Define _REENTRANT as needed on Solaris, elsewhere (6cbea13)
Other bugfixes for http, memory management, and cleanup.
Download release candidates

This is a release candidate. If you find any bugs, please let us know!

libevent-2.1.7-rc.tar.gz ChangeLog
Released 2016-11-05
Changelog to follow.
Download–Alpha releases

This is alpha code. If you find any bugs, please let us know!

libevent-2.2.1-alpha-dev.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
Released 2023-05-21
libevent-2.1.9-beta.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
Released 2019-02-10
libevent-2.0.23-beta.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
Released 2019-01-20
libevent-2.1.6-beta.tar.gz ChangeLog
Released 2016-08-27
Changelog to follow.
libevent-2.1.5-beta.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
Released 2015-01-05
Changelog to follow.
libevent-2.1.4-alpha.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
Released 2014-03-21
Several new utility APIs in libevent core, bufferevents, and evhttp.
Detect closes early with EPOLLRDHUP.
(Optional) support for buildint with cmake.
Bugfixes too numerous to mention.
and much more...
libevent-2.1.3-alpha.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
Released 2013-05-01
New finalization API with fix for bufferevent deadlock issue.
New evdns and evhttp option.
Several new unit tests.
Bugfixes and portability fixes and build fixes too numerous to mention.
and much more...
libevent-2.1.2-alpha.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
Released 2012-11-18
Various new functions in the core, evbuffer, and bufferevent APIs
Even more backends can now use portable monotonic timers.
Updated autotools build infrastructure for faster builds.
More reliable unit tests
Internal event-callback interface now refactored for flexibility and performance
Faster notification with kqueue, faster/more precise timers on Linux
Numerous small performance improvements and data structure tweaks throughout the codebase
Various bugfixes against 2.1.1-alpha
and much more...
libevent-2.1.1-alpha.tar.gz [GPG Sig] ChangeLog
Released 2012-04-03
First alpha release in the 2.1.x series.
Useful features for controlling the event loop and avoiding priority inversion
New debugging features.
New evbuffer functionality, including an improved sendfile/mmap wrapper, the ability to add one evbuffer to another, and more ways to avoid needless copies.
Numerous small performance improvements and data structure tweaks throughout the codebase.
and much more...
Older Releases

Libevent has been released under a 3-clause BSD license. Information on public git access.

Benchmark
Performance comparison using different event notification mechansims in Libevent. We declare interest in a large number of connections of which most are cold and only a few are active.
	 	
The benchmark measures how long it takes to serve one active connection and exposes scalability issues of traditional interfaces like select or poll.	 	The benchmark measures how long it takes to serve one hundred active connections that chain writes to new connections until thousand writes and reads have happened. It exercises the event loop several times.
Programs using libevent
The usefulness of libevent API is demonstrated by the following applications:
Chromium – Google's open-source web browser (uses Libevent)
Memcached – a high-performance, distributed memory object caching system
Transmission – a fast, easy, and free BitTorrent client
NTP – the network time protocol that makes your clock right (uses Libevent in SNTP)
tmux – A clean, modern, BSD-licensed terminal multiplexer, similar to GNU screen
Tor – an anonymous Internet communication system.
libevhtp – A fast and flexible replacement for libevent's http client/server API
Prosody – A Jabber/XMPP server written in Lua
PgBouncer – Lightweight connection pooler for PostgreSQL
redsocks – a simple transparent TCP -> Socks5/HTTPS proxy daemon.
Vomit – Voice Over Misconfigured Internet Telephones
Crawl – A Small and Efficient HTTP Crawler
Libio – an input/output abstraction library
Honeyd – a virtual honeynet daemon – can be used to fight Internet worms.
Fragroute – an IDS testing tool
Nylon – nested proxy server
Disconcert – a Distributed Computing Framework for Loosely-Coupled Workstations.
Trickle – a lightweight userspace bandwidth shaper.
watchcatd – software watchdog designed to take actions not as drastic as the usual solutions, which reset the machine.
ScanSSH – a fast SSH server and open proxy scanner.
Nttlscan – a network topology scanner for Honeyd.
NetChat – a combination of netcat and ppp's chat.
Io – a small programming language; uses libevent for network communication.
Systrace – a system call sandbox.
SpyBye – detect malware on web pages.
GreenSQL – an SQL database firewall.
dnsscan – a fast scanner for identifying open recursive dns resolvers
Kargo Event – a PHP extension for libevent.
Scytale – a database encryption tool.
Coturn – Free open source implementation of TURN and STUN Server.
Nick Mathewson
Azat Khuzhin
Niels Provos

(Please do not mail us directly for technical support. Instead, please use the mailing list or the IRC channel.)
Last modified: 7 Apr 2024

===== Scraped from: https://fortinet.com =====

FREE PRODUCT DEMO
DOWNLOADS
FORTICLOUD LOGIN
Products
Solutions
Support
Partners
Company
Contact Us
FORTIGUARD LABS
THREAT INTELLIGENCE
•
•
The Most Unified, Flexible and Intelligent SASE Solution for Everything You Need

READ THE NEWS REGISTER FOR SUMMIT
INTEGRATION AND AUTOMATION
Fortify Your Network Through the Convergence of Networking and Security
Secure Networking
Secure Networking

Security and networking convergence across all edges, users, and devices

NGFW
Switching
Wireless LAN
5G
NAC
AI-Powered Security Services
Unified Management
Unified SASE
Unified SASE

Secure access for your hybrid workforce and protection for networks, applications, and data in any cloud

SASE
Secure SD-WAN
ZTNA
Digital Experience Monitoring (DEM)
Cloud Firewall
WAF
AI-Powered Security Services
Unified Management
Security Operations
Security Operations

Consolidated security operations platform accelerates time to detect and respond

SIEM
SOAR
EDR
XDR
NDR
SOCaaS
+More
CYBERSECURITY PLATFORM
The World’s Most Powerful Networking and Security Operating System​
ONE OPERATING SYSTEM
FortiOS

Network & cloud firewalls, SD-WAN, WLAN/LAN, single-vendor SASE

ONE MANAGEMENT PANE
FortiManager

Single-source management and control for endpoints, network, and cloud

ONE ANALYTICS ENGINE
FortiAnalyzer

Unified data lake for consistent security operations

UNIFIED ENDPOINT AGENT
FortiClient

Comprehensive endpoint protections, including EPP, EDR, SASE, and ZTNA

AI-POWERED SECURITY SERVICES AND TOOLS
FortiAI Generative AI integrated across the Fortinet platform​
FortiGuard Labs FortiAI, threat intelligence, advanced FortiGuard services, and FortiAIOps​
FortiAIOPs End-to-end self-healing networks
FORTIGUARD LABS
Global Threat Protection Delivered Daily
1T
Cloud events processed
K
Exploit attempts detected
K
Malware executions blocked
B
New unique objects analyzed
M
New unique attack objects identified
B
Attacks prevented inline
EXPLORE THREAT RESEARCH
NEWS
Latest from Fortinet

A Seven-time Gartner® Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice
Learn why Fortinet is recognized as a seven-time Gartner® Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice for Enterprise Wired and Wireless LAN Infrastructure.


READ THE BLOG

Juventus Football Club Announces Fortinet as Its Official Cybersecurity Partner
Fortinet will help detect and resolve network and security issues across its world-renowned facilities.


READ THE PRESS RELEASE

Application Security: Where Do You Stand?
The 2024 Application Security Report uncovers trends, challenges, and best practices, to enhance your application security program.


DOWNLOAD THE REPORT

Introducing FortiAnalyzer 7.6
Delivering an AI advantage that enables you to detect smarter, respond faster, and scale effortlessly, enhancing threat response for organizations of all sizes.


READ THE BLOG

Fortinet Completes Acquisition of Lacework
Acquisition adds a leading AI-driven cloud-native application protection platform to the Fortinet Security Fabric.


LEARN MORE

Fortinet Acquires Next DLP
Strengthens its Top Tier Unified SASE Solution with Enterprise Data Security.


READ THE PRESS RELEASE

Introducing FortiGate-as-a-Service
Experience Fortinet's leading firewalls in a flexible, scalable Hardware-as-a-Service model, delivering the power of FortiGate ASIC technology with cloud flexibility.


READ THE BLOG

Fortinet recommended by 96% of Peer Reviewers with 4.8 out of 5 stars
Fortinet named a 2024 Gartner Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice for Endpoint Protection Platforms for the second time.


READ THE BLOG

Fortinet Wins Prestigious 2024 Red Dot Product Design Award
FortiGate Rugged 70G with Dual 5G Modems Next-Generation Firewall Delivers Innovative Product Design for Operational Technology Environments.


READ THE BLOG

IHG Hotels & Resorts Boosts IT Efficiency Close to 60% with Fortinet Secure SD-WAN
READ THE CASE STUDY
CUSTOMER VIDEO
“Fortinet provides me with a high-level view of what is going on at the property level from a security, infrastructure, network, and bandwidth perspective. Using FortiManager and FortiAnalyzer I am able to utilize all my toolsets and bring everything together centrally.”
Malvin Eanes, Hotel Security Compliance Director, IHG Hotels & Resorts
01 / 04
EXPLORE ALL CUSTOMER STORIES
The Largest Organizations Across the World Trust Fortinet
As a leading vendor in the cybersecurity industry, Fortinet secures the largest enterprises, service providers, and government organizations around the world
Trusted Company
As a global US-based company, we are a leader in enterprise-class cybersecurity and networking innovation, securing over 700,000 enterprises, service providers, and government organizations worldwide.
Learn More »
Trusted Products
Our commitment to the highest security assurance standards means our products are designed with security at the forefront of the product development lifecycle to meet or exceed key global standards.
Learn More »
Trusted Processes
We are heavily focused on maintaining compliant, sustainable processes that meet or exceed international guidelines and are in line with customer expectations.
Learn More »
Trusted Partners
We actively collaborate with public sector agencies, trade associations, law enforcement organizations, and academia to proactively exchange threat information and enhance cyber resilience globally.
Learn More »
Upcoming Events

Empowering SMBs: Security Strategies For High Growth Companies

Wed, September 25, 2024
Join Fortinet on September 25 and gain valuable insights into best practices for securing your ...


REGISTER NOW

Don't Sacrifice Security for Performance: Discover Fortinet’s Custom ASIC

Thu, September 26, 2024
10:00 AM - 12:00 PM Join us to learn how Fortinet's ASIC-powered firewalls deliver high-performance security to ...


REGISTER NOW

SASE Meets AI: Transform a Secure Hybrid World | Unified SASE Summit

Thu, October 10, 2024
8:30 AM - 10:50 AM Join us for an exclusive look at the future of SASE and how it's reshaping hybrid work ...


REGISTER NOW

Microsoft Ignite 2024

Mon, November 18, 2024 - Fri, November 22, 2024
Join industry leaders and tech enthusiasts to learn about the latest AI-powered solutions. ...


REGISTER NOW

CITE 2024

Tue, November 19, 2024 - Thu, November 21, 2024
Come to California IT in Education’s conference to find out the latest and best technology tools ...


REGISTER NOW

AWS re:Invent 2024

Mon, December 2, 2024 - Fri, December 6, 2024
Learn about the latest cloud security innovations, including GenAI, along with all things ...


REGISTER NOW

NATO Edge 2024

Tue, December 3, 2024 - Thu, December 5, 2024
Join Fortinet and governments, innovators, and visionaries to help shape the future of ...


REGISTER NOW

NRF 2025

Sun, January 12, 2025 - Tue, January 14, 2025
Connect and collaborate with retail professionals and test-drive the latest technology.


REGISTER NOW

PRODUCTS
Enterprise
Secure Networking
User and Device Security
Security Operations
Application Security
FortiGuard Labs Threat Intelligence
Small Mid-Sized Businesses
Overview
Service Providers
Overview
PARTNERS
Overview
Alliances Ecosystem
Find a Partner
Become a Partner
Partner Login
TRUST CENTER
Trusted Products
Trusted Company
Trusted Process
Trusted Partners
Product Certifications
MORE
About Us
Training
Resources
Ransomware Hub
Support
Downloads
CyberGlossary
Careers
Early Talent Program
Investor Relations
Social Responsibility
Sitemap

I want to receive news and product emails. Read our privacy policy.

CONNECT WITH US
Blogs
Fortinet Community
Email Preference Center
Contact Us

Copyright © 2024 Fortinet, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Service  Privacy Policy  Notice for California Residents  Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information  GDPR  Canadian Accessibility  Cookie Settings

===== Scraped from: https://microsoft.com =====

Skip to main content
Microsoft
Microsoft 365 Teams Copilot Windows Surface Xbox Support
All Microsoft
Sign in to your account
Slide 1 of 2. Meet Surface Pro
Skip featured products and announcements slideshow: navigate using the previous and next: navigate using the slide tabs
Pause
Previous
Next
New
Meet Surface Pro
This laptop's unrivalled flexibility and AI features like Live Captions and Cocreator, enable you to do more than you ever imagined.
Learn more
End of featured products and announcements slideshow: navigate using the previous and next: navigate using the slide tabs section
Choose your Microsoft 365
Shop Xbox
Get Windows 11
Explore Surface devices
Maximise the everyday with Microsoft 365
Get online protection, secure cloud storage and innovative apps designed to fit your needs – all in one plan.
For one person For up to six people
Xbox Series X
The fastest, most powerful Xbox ever.
Shop Xbox Series X
Xbox Series S
Next-gen performance in the smallest Xbox ever.
Shop Xbox Series S
Designed for life today – and tomorrow
The next-generation of games. Your goals. Friends and family. Windows 11 was made to bring you closer to everything you love.
See if your PC is ready
Game Pass
Play new games on day one. Plus, enjoy hundreds of high-quality games with friends on console and PC.
Join now
For business
Surface for Business
No matter what you do, there’s a Surface to help you do it.
Shop now
Get Microsoft Teams for your business
Online meetings, chat, real-time collaboration, and shared cloud storage – all in one place.
Find the right plan for your business
Windows 11 for business
Designed for hybrid work. Powerful for employees. Consistent for IT. Secure for all.
Learn more
Microsoft 365 Copilot
Save time and focus on the things that matter most with AI in Microsoft 365 for business.
Learn more
Follow Microsoft   
 Back to top
What's new
Surface Pro
Surface Laptop
Microsoft Copilot
Microsoft 365
Explore Microsoft products
Windows 11 apps
Microsoft Store
Account profile
Download Center
Microsoft Store Support
Returns
Order tracking
Education
Microsoft in education
Devices for education
Microsoft Teams for Education
Microsoft 365 Education
Office Education
Educator training and development
Deals for students and parents
Azure for students
Business
Microsoft Cloud
Microsoft Security
Azure
Dynamics 365
Microsoft 365
Microsoft Advertising
Microsoft 365 Copilot
Microsoft Teams
Developer & IT
Developer Center
Documentation
Microsoft Learn
Microsoft Tech Community
Azure Marketplace
AppSource
Microsoft Power Platform
Visual Studio
Company
Careers
About Microsoft
Company news
Privacy at Microsoft
Investors
Security
Sustainability
English (India)
Your Privacy Choices
Consumer Health Privacy
Contact Microsoft Privacy Terms of use Trademarks About our ads © Microsoft 2024

===== Scraped from: https://washingtonpost.com =====

Accessibility statement
Skip to main content
Sign in
Advertisement
LIVE
Middle East conflict
TRENDING
Kentucky judge killing
Olivia Nuzzi
Shohei Ohtani
Israel’s clash with Hezbollah strains U.S. effort to prevent wider war
The absence of a full-blown war in Lebanon has been touted as a core U.S. achievement, but now Washington’s grip on the crisis appears more tenuous than ever.
By John Hudson
LIVE
Israel strikes Lebanon after Hezbollah vows to retaliate
Toll of Lebanon device attacks reveals Hezbollah’s ‘society in arms’
Smoke billows from the site of an Israeli strike that targeted the southern Lebanese border area on Thursday. (AFP/Getty Images)
Ronald L. Rowe Jr., the acting director of the Secret Service, speaks on Monday. (AP)
Secret Service seeks funding boost to address dangerous ‘new reality’
Acting director Ronald L. Rowe Jr. said the guardians of U.S. presidents, former presidents and other officials are desperate for more counter-snipers and investigators, armored limousines, and a greater supply of ballistic glass.
By Maria Sacchetti, Carol D. Leonnig, Jacqueline Alemany and Josh Dawsey
ELECTION 2024
Local Teamsters unions in swing states rush to endorse Harris
Kamala Harris has received an outpouring of endorsements from Teamsters local unions and regional councils in key states, despite the national union’s decision to not endorse either candidate for president.
By Lauren Kaori Gurley
Pro-Trump Georgia election board weighs new rules as critics warn of chaos
Teamsters President Sean M. O’Brien greets members in August. (AFP/Getty Images)
Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson (R-N.C.) speaks in Asheville on Aug. 14. (Tom Brenner for The Post)
N.C. Republican vows to continue campaign for governor amid fallout of CNN story
Mark Robinson, the state’s lieutenant governor, is running against Democrat Josh Stein, the North Carolina attorney general, in one of the country’s most competitive gubernatorial races.
By Patrick Svitek, Amy Gardner and Hannah Knowles
A view of Whitesburg, Ky., in 2019. (Jahi Chikwendiu/The Post)
Kentucky judge shot and killed in his chambers by sheriff, officials say
Letcher County District Judge Kevin Mullins was shot around 2 p.m. at the Letcher County Courthouse in Whitesburg, Ky., the county coroner said. The county sheriff, Shawn Stines, has been charged with one count of murder in the first degree.
By Anumita Kaur
(The Washington Post)
Why some of the driest places on Earth are turning green
In North Africa, parts of the Sahara desert have seen five times their average September rainfall. Flooding has affected more than 4 million people in 14 countries, according to the U.N. World Food Program.
By Dan Stillman and Ian Livingston
OPINIONS
‘Our leaders have turned their backs on us’: The story of Springfield is about race and so much more
Opinion by Eugene Robinson
Trump’s ‘concepts of a plan’ would destroy the health-care system
Opinion by Catherine Rampell
Ukraine has been a magnet for unstable characters
Opinion by Malcolm Nance
If we can’t pass gun laws, let’s prosecute bad parenting
Letters to the Editor
Cartoon: The Fed cuts rates
Opinion by Michael Ramirez
How to stop Europe’s decline
Opinion by the Editorial Board
Today’s Opinions: Tupperware goes bankrupt. What’s left over?
Opinion by Drew Goins
Trump disavowed Project 2025. But Harris still owns her Project 2019.
Opinion by Marc A. Thiessen
Advertisement
MORE TOP STORIES
(Bay Ismoyo/AFP/Getty Images)
For 57 days this fall, Earth will have a second moon
Shohei Ohtani becomes first member of MLB’s 50-50 club
Facing deluge of school shooting threats, sheriff pledges to perp walk students
Jan. 6 rioter who assaulted police gets weekends in jail for a year
Mystics’ late-season push falls short despite win over Caitlin Clark and Fever
D.C. singles are entering the ‘Love Is Blind’ pods. Here’s what we know.
Nike CEO John Donahoe to step down; will be replaced by Elliott Hill
MOST READ
1
Scientists have captured Earth’s climate over the last 485 million years. Here’s the surprising place we stand now.
2
N.C. Republican vows to continue campaign for governor amid fallout of CNN story
3
Kentucky judge shot and killed in his chambers by sheriff, officials say
4
Local Teamsters unions in swing states rush to endorse Harris
YOUR WEEKEND
Movie Review
‘Transformers One’ is better than Bay, and that ’80s show, too
KitchenAid’s gorgeous new mixer sold out. Bakers won’t touch it.
‘Agatha All Along’ star Kathryn Hahn casts an unforgettable spell
Book Review
Donald Trump’s financial failures are stunning. ‘Lucky Loser’ has the receipts.
POLITICS
With abortion in focus, Harris’s event with Oprah prompts cheers and tears
Trump says if he loses election, Jewish voters would have ‘a lot’ to do with it
Former Teamsters leader criticizes non-endorsement of Harris for president
Analysis
More voters expect Harris to win. Here’s why that could actually matter.
Here’s how rich each candidate is compared with the average American
NATIONAL
Justice Department probes Mississippi sheriff’s office that had ‘Goon Squad’
Alaska man charged with threatening to kill six Supreme Court justices
85 years later, Chinese family honors the Black couple who rented to them
Body found of man accused of opening fire on Kentucky highway, police say
Kentucky governor bans conversion therapy, setting up legal battle
WORLD
Mohamed al-Fayed, billionaire and friend of U.K. royalty, accused of rape
Column
A broader Israel-Lebanon war now seems inevitable
Putin wants Russia’s youth to become ultranationalist patriots. Many are all in.
Lost for 450 years, famed poet’s grave found at Notre Dame, scientists say
Hezbollah chief calls pager, radio attacks an ‘act of war’ by Israel
CLIMATE
Scientists have captured Earth’s climate over the last 485 million years. Here’s the surprising place we stand now.
How rising global heat connects catastrophic floods on four continents
Buying for the long haul: How to choose a resilient house
More hurricanes are lingering for days, a new study found. Here are the places most at risk.
Forecasters are warily watching the Caribbean for the next hurricane threat
Advertisement
BUSINESS
The Chinese economy is faltering — and that means more trade tensions
38 minutes ago
Mortgage rates are coming down — and home buyers are ready to pounce
Nike CEO John Donahoe to step down; will be replaced by Elliott Hill
FTC report assails social networks’ privacy, safety practices
Column
Work Advice: How to tell a retirement-age colleague she’s making mistakes
TECHNOLOGY
Everyday electronics rigged to explode reflect long-feared supply chain threat
A bottle of water per email: the hidden environmental costs of using AI chatbots
Analysis
House panel advances child safety bills, but roadblocks pile up
Review
iPhone 16’s camera takes some getting used to, but its battery is better
Eyes hurt from staring at screens? Don’t fall for blue light glasses.
HEALTH
Do you need another covid shot? Test your coronavirus knowledge.
Analysis
Abortion clinics — and patients — are on the move as state laws shift
Scientists again link covid pandemic origin to Wuhan market animals
In the U.S., opioid-maker Purdue is bankrupt. Its global counterparts make millions.
Scientists just figured out how many chemicals enter our bodies from food packaging
WELLNESS
Be humble. It’s good for learning and your relationships.
Not ready for a knee replacement? You might be able to fix your cartilage instead.
These 6 habits helped successful dieters lose weight and keep it off
5 stretches to test your flexibility. (It may help you live longer.)
Column
Why poop problems may put you at risk for varicose veins
D.C., MD. & VA.
Trial date set for man charged in double homicide plot with au pair
Virginia Democrats introduce bill to restrict school cellphone use
D.C. closes Canna Coffee after viral video of owner berating delivery driver
Popular D.C. doughnut shop plays on with support from punk rockers
Capital Weather Gang
D.C.-area forecast: Fairly bright and probably rain-free until later Saturday
SPORTS
Shohei Ohtani becomes first member of MLB’s 50-50 club
Nationals, hobbling down the stretch, drop their fourth straight
Mystics’ late-season push falls short despite win over Caitlin Clark and Fever
New audio disputes ruling that stripped Jordan Chiles of medal
Caps open camp with new faces, a new identity and ‘a lot of good energy’
FEATURED VIDEOS
Advertisement
ADVICE
Carolyn Hax: Should mom tell her adult daughter to rethink girls’ weekend plan?
Asking Eric: Husband is threatened by wife’s work trips
Ask Sahaj: Boyfriend’s family uses racial slurs in front of biracial girlfriend
Work Advice: How to tell a retirement-age colleague she’s making mistakes
Miss Manners: Dad’s girlfriend makes a scene at my bowling birthday party
LIVE CHATS
Need advice? Join columnist Carolyn Hax’s weekly chat (Sept. 20 | 12 p.m. ET)
6 hours from now
Do you ever get over a 25-year marriage? Your divorce questions, answered.
Opinion
Do Republicans feel like Springfield is ‘working’ for them? I answered your questions.
Cooking chat: How do you bring hardened honey back to life?
Opinion
What’s your most memorable letter? I answered your questions about letters to the editor.
STYLE
(Robert Voets/CBS)
Jon Lovett has no regrets about ‘Survivor’ flameout
Reporter Olivia Nuzzi on leave over relationship with campaign subject
Feeling snubbed on New York runways, they staged a MAGA fashion show
The pop star endorsement that could really swing the election? Bad Bunny.
ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT
Nabihah Iqbal’s new album, ‘Dreamer,’ lives up to its title
Movie Review
In ‘Look Into My Eyes,’ they see dead people, but that’s not all
Theatre Review
A farce from the Bard that improves as it gets wackier
Everything to know about this weekend’s HFStival
TRAVEL
6 ski resorts with smaller crowds, lower prices and better snow
Hiker who left trail near Yellowstone’s Old Faithful burned by scalding water
Americans can now renew their passports online. Here’s what to know.
FAA investigates after cabin pressure malfunction injures Delta passengers
FOOD
Review
At Lime & Cilantro, a chef’s masterful take on Latin food
KitchenAid’s gorgeous new mixer sold out. Bakers won’t touch it.
Column
This $18 chardonnay from Italy is a delightful surprise
Column
For a booze-free brunch, make zero-proof Bellinis and bloody marys
RECIPES
What do you want to cook today?
Find a recipe
Search
DIVERSIONS
Comics
Crosswords
Keyword
Quiz
Mah Jongg
Sudoku
Horoscopes
Solitaire
washingtonpost.com © 1996-2024 The Washington Post

===== Scraped from: https://reversemode.com =====

Skip to main content
REVERSEMODE

SEARCH
Home Old stuff About me / Services
Posts
Ukraine's nuclear regulator confirms Chernobyl's post-invasion radiation spikes had an 'abnormal origin'.
June 05, 2024
First off I would like to provide some context for those readers who are not familiar with this topic. In 2023 I presented at BlackHat USA ' Seeing Through the Invisible: Radiation Spikes Detected in Chernobyl During the Russian Invasion Show Possible Evidence of Fabrication '. Kim Zetter also wrote an investigative  piece . The research materials are publicly available. As I casually discovered a few days ago, around the date I received  the acceptance notification from BlackHat, the paper ' Preliminary assessment of the radiological consequences of the hostile military occupation of the Chornobyl Exclusion Zone ' was submitted to the 'Journal of Radiological Protection'. This paper would be eventually approved and then published in September. So it seems that both investigations were being performed in parallel, but unfortunately we never crossed our paths. There is also a significant detail: this investigation doesn't come from a random guy like me, but
READ MORE
Recent posts
Finding vulnerabilities in Swiss Post's e-voting system: part 3
January 17, 2024
Exactly two years ago I brought my blog back to life, after many years of hiatus, with " Finding vulnerabilities in Swiss Post’s future e-voting system - Part 1 ". That was the first of a series of blog posts covering that system. During these two years I've been periodically assessing the security posture of this e-voting solution, as part of their Bug Bounty program , which I personally recommend.   Since the first time I reviewed their codebase a lot of things have changed, for good, as many areas have been dramatically improved. To be honest, from a security perspective the codebase back then was kind of a mess.   When the first Swiss Post e-voting platform was published, back in 2019, it faced some public scrutiny, mostly from the academic community.  As a result, some significant issues were uncovered , so eventually Swiss Post decided to suspend the deployment of the system. That first version had been developed by Scytl , Spanish company specialized in electroni
READ MORE
MORE POSTS
Archive
Labels


Popular posts from this blog
SATCOM terminals under attack in Europe: a plausible analysis.
March 07, 2022
------ Update 03/12/2022 Reuters has published new information on this incident, which initially matches the proposed scenario. You can find the  update  at the bottom of this post. ------ February 24th: at the same time Russia initiated a full-scale attack on Ukraine, tens of thousands of KA-SAT SATCOM terminals suddenly  stopped  working in several european countries: Germany, Ukraine, Greece, Hungary, Poland...Germany's Enercon moved forward and acknowledged that approximately 5800 of its wind turbines, presumably those remotely operated via a SATCOM link in central Europe, had lost contact with their  SCADA server .  In the affected countries, a significant part of the customers of Eutelsat's domestic broadband service were also unable to access Internet.  From the very beginning Eutelsat and its parent company Viasat, stated that the issue was being investigated as a cyberattack. Since then, details have been scarcely provided but few days ago I came across a really inter
READ MORE
VIASAT incident: from speculation to technical details.
March 31, 2022
  34 days after the incident, yesterday Viasat published a statement providing some technical details about the attack that affected tens of thousands of its SATCOM terminals. Also yesterday, I eventually had access to two Surfbeam2 modems: one was targeted during the attack and the other was in a working condition. Thank you so much to the person who disinterestedly donated the attacked modem. I've been closely covering this issue since the beginning, providing a  plausible theory based on the information that was available at that time, and my experience in this field. Actually, it seems that this theory was pretty close to what really happened. Fortunately, now we can move from just pure speculation into something more tangible, so I dumped the flash memory for both modems (Spansion S29GL256P90TFCR2 ) and the differences were pretty clear. In the following picture you can see 'attacked1.bin', which belongs to the targeted modem and 'fw_fixed.bin', coming from t
READ MORE
Reversing 'France Identité': the new French digital ID.
October 04, 2023
  -------------- Update from 06/10/2023 : following my publication, I’ve been in contact with France Identité CISO and they could provide more information on the measures they have taken in the light of these findings: We would like to thank you for your in-depth technical research work on “France Identite” app that was launched in beta a year ago and for which you were rewarded. As you know, the app is now generally available on iOS and Android through their respective app stores. Your work, alongside French cybersecurity agency (ANSSI) research, made us update and modify deeply the E2EE Secure Channel used between the app and our backend. It is now mostly based on TLS1.3. Those modifications were released only a few weeks after you submitted your work through our private BugBounty program with YesWeHack. That released version also fixes the three other vulnerabilities you submitted. From the beginning of “France Identite” program, it was decided to implicate cybersecurity community,
READ MORE
 Powered by Blogger

===== Scraped from: https://viasat.com =====

Satellite internet Aviation Energy Enterprise Government Maritime
About News Partners
Home internet Small business internet
NEW! VIASAT UNLEASHED
UNLIMITED HIGH-SPEED SATELLITE INTERNET
with no data caps or contracts
Street address
Apt/Unit (optional)
Shop plans
Home internet
Small business internet
Aviation
Energy
Enterprise
Government
Maritime
Advertising
About
Viasat FY24 ESG impact report

Our new environmental, social, and governance report is out showing how we're finding better and stronger ways of increasing our positive impact around the world.

FY24 ESG Report
NEXT GENERATION OF INTERNET
Live, work, and go connected with ViaSat-3

Our high-capacity satellite network is going global. Starting now.

Learn more
WHAT WE BELIEVE
Keeping space safe, sustainable, and equitable

See how Viasat and others are calling on policy makers around the world to keep space safe, sustainable, and equitable for science, exploration, and communications.

Learn more
Viasat news
Arctic Broadband on the way as Viasat confirms successful launch
Read more
Viasat Energy Services Introduces Enhanced Hybrid Network Service for the Energy Industry
Read more
Inmarsat launches NexusWave: a game-changing ‘bonded’ network service for maritime communications
Read more
More news and stories

Find the latest news, stories, and podcasts from Viasat

Newsroom
   
 

"No contract" means there is no minimum service term commitment. You may cancel at any time. If your data usage is trending to exceed the "typical usage" of a residential user on our network, you may have reduced priority during times of network congestion resulting in slower speeds. Typical usage currently means usage trending to not exceed 850 GBs in any 30-day period. The typical usage amount will vary based on network demands. Please visit www.viasat.com/legal for more details. Speeds are "up to," are not guaranteed and will vary. One-time standard installation fee may be charged at the time of sale. Monthly service fee, equipment lease fee and taxes apply. Service is not available in all areas. Offer may be changed or withdrawn at any time. Copyright © 2024 Viasat, Inc. All rights reserved. Viasat, the Viasat logo and the Viasat signal are registered trademarks of Viasat, Inc.

Our company
About us
Corporate events
Careers
Locations
Investors
Newsroom
UK MSA Statement
Our commitments
Diversity & inclusion
Corporate sustainability
Quality & certifications
Corporate social responsibility
Community & charitable giving
University research & partnerships
Our support resources
Customer service
Authorized retailers
Supplier information
Contact us
Products
©2024 Viasat, Inc.
Legal
Privacy
Do not sell or share my personal information
Accessibility
Change region

===== Scraped from: https://wikipedia.org =====

Wikipedia
The Free Encyclopedia
English
6,873,000+ articles
日本語
1,427,000+ 記事
Русский
1 996 000+ статей
Español
1.974.000+ artículos
Deutsch
2.937.000+ Artikel
Français
2 631 000+ articles
Italiano
1.879.000+ voci
中文
1,438,000+ 条目 / 條目
Português
1.132.000+ artigos
فارسی
۱٬۰۱۱٬۰۰۰+ مقاله
Search Wikipedia
EN
Afrikaans
العربية
Asturianu
Azərbaycanca
Български
閩南語 / Bân-lâm-gú
বাংলা
Беларуская
Català
Čeština
Cymraeg
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
Ελληνικά
English
Español
Esperanto
Euskara
فارسی
Français
Galego
한국어
Հայերեն
हिन्दी
Hrvatski
Bahasa Indonesia
Italiano
עברית
ქართული
Ladin
Latina
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Македонски
مصرى
Bahasa Melayu
Bahaso Minangkabau
မြန်မာဘာသာ
Nederlands
日本語
Norsk (bokmål)
Norsk (nynorsk)
Нохчийн
Oʻzbekcha / Ўзбекча
Polski
Português
Қазақша / Qazaqşa / قازاقشا
Română
Simple English
Sinugboanong Binisaya
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Српски / Srpski
Srpskohrvatski / Српскохрватски
Suomi
Svenska
தமிழ்
Татарча / Tatarça
ภาษาไทย
Тоҷикӣ
تۆرکجه
Türkçe
Українська
اردو
Tiếng Việt
Winaray
中文
Русский
粵語
 Search
 Read Wikipedia in your language 
Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other projects.
You can support our work with a donation.
Download Wikipedia for Android or iOS

Save your favorite articles to read offline, sync your reading lists across devices and customize your reading experience with the official Wikipedia app.

Google Play Store Apple App Store
 
Commons
Free media collection
 
Wikivoyage
Free travel guide
 
Wiktionary
Free dictionary
 
Wikibooks
Free textbooks
 
Wikinews
Free news source
 
Wikidata
Free knowledge base
 
Wikiversity
Free learning resources
 
Wikiquote
Free quote compendium
 
MediaWiki
Free & open wiki software
 
Wikisource
Free content library
 
Wikispecies
Free species directory
 
Wikifunctions
Free function library
 
Meta-Wiki
Community coordination & documentation

This page is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use Privacy Policy

===== Scraped from: https://wired.com =====

Skip to main content
OPEN NAVIGATION MENU
WIRED - The Latest in Technology, Science, Culture and Business
SEARCH
Security
Politics
Gear
The Big Story
Business
Science
Culture
Ideas
Merch
Podcasts
Video
Newsletters
Magazine
Travel
Steven Levy's Plaintext Column
WIRED Classics from the Archive
Events
WIRED Insider
WIRED Consulting
Jobs
Coupons
MOST RECENT
TODAY’S PICKS
LOADED DEVICES
Your Phone Won’t Be the Next Exploding Pager
Thousands of beepers and two-way radios exploded in attacks against Hezbollah, but mainstream consumer devices like smartphones aren’t likely to be weaponized the same way.
LILY HAY NEWMAN AND MATT BURGESS
THE BIG STORY
Gold Treasure Worth a Fortune Was Just Hidden in a Forest. The Hunt Starts Now
JOSEPH BIEN-KAHN
CREATURE FEATURE
28 Years Later: Danny Boyle’s New Zombie Flick Was Shot on an iPhone 15
CARLTON REID
The Multiple Ways Climate Change Threatens to Make Migraines Worse
GRACE BROWNE
Big Tech’s New Adversaries in Europe
MORGAN MEAKER
Nintendo Is Suing Palworld Creator Pocketpair
MEGAN FAROKHMANESH
The 22 Best Movies on Apple TV+ Right Now
ANGELA WATERCUTTER
Strange Visual Auras Could Hold the Key to Better Migraine Treatments
MATTHEW PONSFORD
THE BIG STORY
THE BIG INTERVIEW
Josh Johnson Has Become the Funniest Guy on the Internet. That Is Not a Joke
JASON PARHAM
The Daily Show correspondent and TikTok phenom once said the web was a bad idea. Now it’s the reason he’s famous.
THE BIG INTERVIEW
After Shark Tank, Mark Cuban Just Wants to Break Shit—Especially the Prescription Drug Industry
THE BIG STORY
Inside Google’s 7-Year Mission to Give AI a Robot Body
THE BIG INTERVIEW
Antony Blinken Dragged US Diplomacy Into the 21st Century. Even He’s Surprised by the Results
THE BIG INTERVIEW
Under Meredith Whittaker, Signal Is Out to Prove Surveillance Capitalism Wrong
BUSINESS
Online Casino Workers Went on Hunger Strike Over Working Conditions
Content Creators in the Adult Industry Want a Say in AI Rules
The United Nations Wants to Treat AI With the Same Urgency as Climate Change
CULTURE
Lionsgate’s New Deal Is a Test of Hollywood’s Relationship With AI
The 31 Best Shows on Apple TV+ Right Now
Lo-Fi Weather Channel Videos Are Soothing Climate Fears on YouTube
GEAR
Top Walmart Promo Codes for September 2024
How to Factory-Reset Your Phone Before You Sell It
The iPhone 16’s Battery Is Easier to Replace, Finally
POLITICS
Laura Loomer: The ‘Free Spirit’ Whispering in Trump’s Ear
Barron Trump Is Finally Taking the Stage
Anti-Immigrant Election Deniers Have Turned Their Online Following Into an Army of Activists
SCIENCE
Everything You Need to Know About the WIRED & Octopus Energy Tech Summit 2024
The Outrageous Scheme to Capture and Sell Greenland’s Meltwater
Project 2025 Would Drastically Cut Support for Carbon Removal
SECURITY
First Israel’s Exploding Pagers Maimed and Killed. Now Comes the Paranoia
Walkie-Talkies Explode in New Attack on Hezbollah
Did a Chinese University Hacking Competition Target a Real Victim?
REVIEWS AND BUYING GUIDES
WEIGHT IT OUT
The Best Weighted Blankets for Calm and Comfort
NENA FARRELL AND MEDEA GIORDANO
These accessories might not cure your anxiety or insomnia, but they can feel like a hug when you really need one.
HOT STUFF
iFixit’s Portable Soldering Iron Deserves a Space on Your Work Bench
PRODUCT REVIEW
Apple’s iPhone 16 Pro Gets a Little Smarter With Apple Intelligence
BUYING GUIDE
The Best Organic Mattresses, Toppers, and Bedding
BACK TO BLACK
The Apple Watch Series 10 Is Still the Best Smartwatch for the iPhone
WIRED CLASSICS
DEEP HOLE
The Hard-Luck Texas Town That Bet on Bitcoin—and Lost
MARK DENT
Originally published in July, 2019. China's Bitmain said it would build the world's largest bitcoin mine in Rockdale, Texas. Then the price of bitcoin plunged, taking with it the town's hopes for a revival.
SLEEP NO MORE
One Couple’s Tireless Crusade to Stop a Genetic Killer
MAGAZINE
Interview with the Luddite
FLAME ON
The End of Burning Man Is Also Its Future
SOLO TRIP
This Is a Philosopher on Drugs
TRENDING STORIES
TOP STORIES IN THE LAST 48 HOURS
GEAR
The Top New Features Coming to Apple’s iOS 18 and iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence has arrived in the iOS 18.1 developer beta, bringing features like the updated Siri and Writing Tools. Here’s how to access it, plus the top new features in iOS 18 and iPadOS 18.
JULIAN CHOKKATTU
SECURITY
What You Need to Know About Grok AI and Your Privacy
xAI’s generative AI tool, Grok AI, is unhinged compared to its competitors. It’s also scooping up a ton of data that people post on X. Here’s how to keep your posts out of Grok—and why you should.
KATE O'FLAHERTY
CULTURE
The 30 Best Shows on Apple TV+ Right Now
Sunny, Constellation, and Bad Monkey are among the best shows on Apple TV+ this month.
ANGELA WATERCUTTER AND WIRED STAFF
SCIENCE
How to View the ‘Comet of the Century’ C/2023 A3
September will see the appearance of C/2023 A3, also known as Tsuchinshan–ATLAS, that has traveled for tens of thousands of years through the solar system.
JORGE GARAY
VIDEOS
ICON
50. MOST GOOGLED
'Transformers One' Cast Answer 50 of the Most Googled Transformers Questions
ICON
VIDEO
Josh Johnson on Comedy and Mental Health in the Age of Social Media
ICON
TECH SUPPORT
Microbiologist Answers Microbiology Questions From Twitter
ICON
AUTOCOMPLETE INTERVIEW
John Lithgow & Jeff Bridges Answer The Web's Most Searched Questions
ICON
TECH SUPPORT
Aerospace Engineer Answers Airplane Questions From Twitter
ICON
AUTOCOMPLETE INTERVIEW
Michael Keaton Answers The Web's Most Searched Questions
ICON
VIDEO
Antony Blinken on National Cybersecurity and an Evolving State Department
ICON
AUTOCOMPLETE INTERVIEW
J Balvin Answers The Web's Most Searched Questions
ICON
TECH SUPPORT
Joey Chestnut Answers Competitive Eating Questions From Twitter
ICON
TECH SUPPORT
Urban Designer Answers City Planning Questions From Twitter
WIRED is where tomorrow is realized. It is the essential source of information and ideas that make sense of a world in constant transformation. The WIRED conversation illuminates how technology is changing every aspect of our lives—from culture to business, science to design. The breakthroughs and innovations that we uncover lead to new ways of thinking, new connections, and new industries.

MORE FROM WIRED

SubscribeNewslettersFAQWIRED StaffEditorial StandardsArchiveRSSAccessibility Help

REVIEWS AND GUIDES

ReviewsBuying GuidesMattressesElectric BikesSoundbarsStreaming GuidesWearablesBest TVsCouponsCode Guarantee
AdvertiseContact UsCustomer CareJobsPress CenterCondé Nast StoreUser AgreementPrivacy PolicyYour California Privacy Rights

© 2024 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

===== Scraped from: https://cisa.gov =====

Skip to main content

An official website of the United States government

Here’s how you know

FREE CYBER SERVICES
#PROTECT2024
SECURE OUR WORLD
SHIELDS UP
REPORT A CYBER ISSUE

Search

 
Topics
Spotlight
Resources & Tools
News & Events
Careers
About
Breadcrumb
Home 
SHARE:
slide 1 of 6
SECURE BY DESIGN ALERT: ELIMINATING CROSS-SITE SCRIPTING VULNERABILITIES

CISA and FBI are releasing this Secure by Design Alert as a part of our ongoing effort to reduce the prevalence of vulnerability classes at scale. 

READ THE ALERT
Previous
Next
1
6
News Updates
SEP 18, 2024
PRESS RELEASE
Joint ODNI, FBI, and CISA Statement
SEP 16, 2024
PRESS RELEASE
CISA Releases Plan to Align Operational Cybersecurity Priorities for Federal Agencies
SEP 12, 2024
PRESS RELEASE
FBI and CISA Release Joint PSA, Just So You Know: False Claims of Hacked Voter Information Likely Intended to Sow Distrust of U.S. Elections
SEP 09, 2024
BLOG
CISA Director Jen Easterly Remarks at the Election Center 39th Annual National Conference in Detroit
SEP 09, 2024
PRESS RELEASE
CISA Releases Election Security Focused Checklists for Both Cybersecurity and Physical Security
VIEW MORE NEWS
Latest Operational Information
SEP 19, 2024
ALERT
Ivanti Releases Admin Bypass Security Update for Cloud Services Appliance
SEP 19, 2024
CYBERSECURITY ADVISORY
CISA Adds One Known Exploited Vulnerability to Catalog
SEP 19, 2024
ALERT
CISA Releases Six Industrial Control Systems Advisories
SEP 19, 2024
ICS ADVISORY | ICSA-24-263-05
Kastle Systems Access Control System
SEP 19, 2024
ICS ADVISORY | ICSA-24-263-04
MegaSys Computer Technologies Telenium Online Web Application
VIEW ALL ALERTS & ADVISORIESSUBSCRIBE TO UPDATES
How can we help?
Find Help Locally

Contact your Region

Assist Visits

Protected Critical Infrastructure Information

Industry

Information Sharing: A Vital Resource

PCII Program modernized

Joint Cyber Defense Collaborative expands

Small and Medium Businesses

Cyber guidance for small businesses

Supplementing passwords

Doing business with CISA

Educational Institutions

School Safety

Cybersecurity for K-12

K-12 School Security Product Suite

Protecting Our Future: Partnering to Safeguard K-12 Organizations from Cybersecurity Threats

ALL AUDIENCES

JCDC unifies cyber defenders from organizations worldwide. This diverse team proactively gathers, analyzes, and shares actionable cyber risk information to enable synchronized, holistic cybersecurity planning, cyber defense, and response.

VIEW RESOURCES

StopRansomware.gov is the U.S. Government's official one-stop location for resources to tackle ransomware more effectively.

LEARN MORE

SAFECOM works to improve emergency communications interoperability across local, regional, tribal, state, territorial, international borders, and with federal government entities.

LEARN MORE
Additional CISA Resources
CISA’s Federal Cyber Defense Skilling Academy

CISA’s Federal Cyber Defense Skilling Academy provides full-time federal employees an opportunity to focus on professional growth through an intense, full-time, three-month accelerated training program.

CISA Events

CISA hosts and participates in events throughout the year to engage stakeholders, seek research partners, and communicate with the public to help protect the homeland.

CISA Services Catalog

A single resource that provides you with access to information on services across CISA’s mission areas.

CISA Training

As part of our continuing mission to reduce cybersecurity and physical security risk, CISA provides a robust offering of cybersecurity and critical infrastructure training opportunities. 

Return to top
Topics
Spotlight
Resources & Tools
News & Events
Careers
About
Cybersecurity & Infrastructure Security Agency
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
RSS
CISA Central
1-844-Say-CISA SayCISA@cisa.dhs.gov
DHS Seal
CISA.gov
An official website of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security
About CISA
Budget and Performance
DHS.gov
Equal Opportunity & Accessibility
FOIA Requests
No FEAR Act
Office of Inspector General
Privacy Policy
Subscribe
The White House
USA.gov
Website Feedback

===== Scraped from: https://airforcemag.com =====

Skip to content
Login
Search


NEWS
DAILY REPORT
MAGAZINE
ABOUT US
WEAPONS & PLATFORMS
AFA SEPTEMBER
Subscribe
Space Force Close to New Launch Contracts—But Only If Congress Passes a Budget
Sept. 18, 2024 | By Greg Hadley
New B-21 Bomber Now Flying Up to Twice a Week
Sept. 18, 2024 | By John A. Tirpak
AFSOC Will Deploy Ospreys in ‘Weeks,’ But Full Fleet Readiness Is Still Months Away
Sept. 18, 2024 | By Greg Hadley
Lockheed Quietly Delivered 1,000th F-35 in July; Clearing Full Backlog May Take 18 Months
Sept. 19, 2024 | By John A. Tirpak
PACAF Looks to Australia, Japan for Battle Management Help as It Waits for Wedgetail
Sept. 19, 2024 | By Unshin Lee Harpley and Chris Gordon
‘Sensing Has Become Ubiquitous’: Satellite Imagery in Ukraine Offers View of Future Warfare
Sept. 19, 2024 | By Chris Gordon
Air Force Will Take Lead in Joint Prototype Battle Management Tech
Sept. 18, 2024 | By Shaun Waterman
Here’s How a Continuing Resolution Could Hurt the Air Force in 2025
Sept. 18, 2024 | By Rachel S. Cohen
USAF Experiments with Drones to Better Monitor Russia in the Arctic
Sept. 18, 2024 | By Unshin Lee Harpley
More News
AIR & SPACE FORCES MAGAZINE
In This Issue

Check out the September/October 2024 issue of Air & Space Forces Magazine.

Enter the Magazine View the Magazine Archive
Defending NATO’s Flank

Operations in Europe aren’t a summer holiday. The war in Ukraine has turned up the heat.  OVER WESTERN GERMANY  Our F-16 burst through the clouds above Spangdahlem Air Base on a crisp early morning in June, one of several Fighting Falcons...

Q&A: Re-Optimizing from the Top 

The Air Force’s ambitious effort to overhaul its organization, deployment model, and training to better prepare for great power competition with China was just six months old when Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. David W. Allvin returned from Exercise...

Still Delivering … After All These Years 

The Civil Reserve Air Fleet is almost as old as the Air Force. It’s still going strong. In a potential fast-moving future conflict, spread widely across the Pacific, the U.S. would depend on mighty Air Force C-5 and C-17 airlifters to...

Fighting the Air Base

How the USAF can ensure it can generate combat sorties while under fire.  Front-line air bases are like any other weapon system: They are only effective if they can function under enemy fire. Air bases at forward locations in the...

SmallSats: Answering the Call for Space Superiority

Small satellites lend themselves to many more applications than simply low-Earth orbit resilience.  Russian and Chinese offensive spacepower ambitions are making headlines and are intent on erasing the vital advantage the United States has in space. U.S. defense leadership now...

Editorial: Relearning Old Lessons 

Election 1940: President Franklin D. Roosevelt, seeking an unprecedented third term, is challenged by Republican Wendell Willkie, former Democrat and businessman.  Germany’s bombers rain terror on Britain, and its U-boats hunt merchant ships crossing the Atlantic. In the Pacific, Imperial...

Weapons & Platforms
Airframes
Almanac
Together, We Are Airmen and Guardians For Life

AFA members are part of a unique community focused on service before self, taking care of our Air and Space Force families and providing unique networking and professional development opportunities. We mobilize our support community through more than 200 chapters and states.

Learn More About AFA Subscribe
Facebook
X/Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Daily Report
Contact Us
Advertise
Subscribe!
Air & Space Forces Association
Reuse and Reprint Permission
Privacy Policy

Air & Space Forces Magazine is the official publication of the Air & Space Forces Association, 1201 S. Joyce St., C6 / Second Fl., Arlington, Va., 22202. Copyright 2024

===== Scraped from: https://businesswire.com =====

27.59.63.190 ­
Reach your audience.
Get results.

Rely on the experience, guidance, and superior media targeting of Business Wire for your global press release distribution.

Send a Release
Learn More
Public Relations

Maximize the reach of your news with our press release distribution services and partnerships.

Read More
Investor Relations

Reach and engage investors, shareholders, analysts, and media with our complete suite of IR services and tools.

Read More
Distribution & Analytics

Target your news, reach your audiences, and understand the impact of your press releases with our analytics reports.

Read More
News with Multimedia
Neu-REFIX Beta glucan receives rare pediatric disease and orphan drug designations from the US FDA for treatment of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy
Bi Pinnacle Global Announces Expansion into Southeast Asia, Establishing Indonesia as a Key Base
Faraday Future Announces its Second Brand, Faraday X (FX), and Two Planned New Products Expected to be Priced between $20,000 and $50,000, Signed Strategic Framework Agreements or MOUs with Four OEMs to Fully Promote Range Extended AIEV in the U.S.
2024 World Manufacturing Convention to Open in Hefei, Anhui
Corporación América Airports S.A. Reports August 2024 Passenger Traffic
Viking Celebrates Historic Return to China

More News with Multimedia

Latest News
Today is September 20, 2024. All times in Eastern Daylight Time.
GC Aesthetics® lança YOUTHLY™: uma nova era para os implantes mamários na China
09/20/2024 - 05:19 AM 
DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--A GC Aesthetics® (GCA), empresa líder em tecnologia médica, comprometida com o avanço na saúde da mulher através de soluções mamárias inovadoras, estéticas e reconstrutivas... more »
GC Aesthetics® lanza YOUTHLY™: Una nueva era para los implantes mamarios en China
09/20/2024 - 05:19 AM 
DUBLÍN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GC Aesthetics® (GCA), una empresa en tecnología médica líder y comprometida con el avance de la salud de la mujer a través de innovadoras soluciones estéticas y reconstruct... more »
GC Aesthetics® lance YOUTHLY™, qui inaugure une nouvelle ère pour les implants mammaires en Chine
09/20/2024 - 05:18 AM 
DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GC Aesthetics® (GCA), une société de technologie médicale de premier plan dont la mission est de faire progresser la santé des femmes grâce à des solutions mammaires esthét... more »
Deutsche Bank AG UK Regulatory Announcement: FRN Variable Rate Fix
09/20/2024 - 05:00 AM
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--  ASB BANK LIMITED Issue of USD 10,000,000.00 Floating rate note due June 2030 Series EMTN 6528 Tranche 1 MTN ISSUE NAME. Our Ref. MP7451 ISIN Code. XS2639522197 TOTAL INTE... more »
True You Weight Loss Becomes First Practice in Nation to Reach Milestone of 5,000 Endoscopic Weight Loss Procedures
09/20/2024 - 05:00 AM
CARY, N.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--True You Weight Loss achieves the milestone of 5,000 endoscopic weight loss procedures, with endoscopic sleeve gastroplasty leading the way. more »
GC Aesthetics®推出YOUTHLY™：中国乳房植体进入新时代
09/20/2024 - 04:14 AM 
都柏林--(BUSINESS WIRE)--(美国商业资讯)-- GC Aesthetics® (GCA)是一家领先的医疗技术公司，致力于通过创新的乳房美容和再造解决方案提升女性健康水平。他们很高兴地宣布在中国推出YOUTHLY™品牌，该品牌的特色在于其最新的乳房植体创新成果：PERLE™、Luna XT™和The Round Collection™（100%填充）的最新版本。 通过与G&a... more »
GC Aesthetics® bringt YOUTHLY™: Eine neue Ära für Brustimplantate in China auf den Markt
09/20/2024 - 04:14 AM 
DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GC Aesthetics® (GCA), ein führendes Medizintechnikunternehmen, das sich der Förderung der Gesundheit von Frauen durch innovative ästhetische und rekonstruktive Brustlösunge... more »
Neu-REFIX Beta glucan receives rare pediatric disease and orphan drug designations from the US FDA for treatment of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy
09/20/2024 - 04:12 AM 
TOKYO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Neu refix granted orphan disease designation (ODD) & rare pediatric disease designation (RPDD) by US FDA for treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy more »
Bi Pinnacle Global Announces Expansion into Southeast Asia, Establishing Indonesia as a Key Base
09/20/2024 - 04:02 AM 
JAKARTA, Indonesia--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Bi Pinnacle Global officially announced its strategic plan to expand into the Southeast Asian market during a 600-person opening ceremony held in Bali from Sept... more »
ISG Digital Business Summit to Explore AI’s Impact on CX
09/20/2024 - 04:00 AM 
FRANKFURT, Germany--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Company leaders will gather for the ISG Digital Business Summit, October 7–8, in Frankfurt to discuss their plans for AI and other emerging tech. more »
ISG Digital Business Summit untersucht den Einfluss von künstlicher Intelligenz auf Kundenerfahrungen
09/20/2024 - 04:00 AM 
FRANKFURT, Germany--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Führungskräfte von Airbus, Swiss Re, Roche, Post Office Group und anderen Unternehmen kommen am 7. und 8. Oktober 2024 in Frankfurt am Main zum dritten, jährlic... more »
Neuraptive Therapeutics宣布在2024年美國手外科學會(ASSH)年會上公布NTX-001的2期頂線中期結果
09/20/2024 - 03:45 AM  
賓夕法尼亞州賈斯特布魯克--(BUSINESS WIRE)--(美國商業資訊)-- 專注于周圍神經損傷新療法的頂級生物製藥公司Neuraptive Therapeutics Inc.今天宣布，其正在進行的2期NEUROFUSE研究的中期頂線結果將於9月19日至21日在明尼蘇達州明尼亞波里斯舉行的2024年美國手外科學會(ASSH)年會上公布。題為NTX-001治療急性單橫斷周圍神經損傷的安全... more »
Neuraptive Therapeutics宣布在2024年美国手外科学会(ASSH)年会上公布NTX-001的2期顶线中期结果
09/20/2024 - 03:43 AM  
宾夕法尼亚州切斯特布鲁克--(BUSINESS WIRE)--(美国商业资讯)-- 专注于周围神经损伤新疗法的领先生物制药公司Neuraptive Therapeutics Inc.今天宣布，其正在进行的2期NEUROFUSE研究的中期顶线结果将于9月19日至21日在明尼苏达州明尼阿波利斯举行的2024年美国手外科学会(ASSH)年会上公布。题为NTX-001治疗急性单横断周围神经损伤的安全... more »
Faraday Future Announces its Second Brand, Faraday X (FX), and Two Planned New Products Expected to be Priced between $20,000 and $50,000, Signed Strategic Framework Agreements or MOUs with Four OEMs to Fully Promote Range Extended AIEV in the U.S.
09/20/2024 - 02:54 AM 
LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc. (Nasdaq: FFIE) (“FF”, “Faraday Future”, or “Company”), a California-based global shared intelligent electric mobility ecosyste... more »
La conférence mondiale sur la fabrication 2024 sera placée sous le signe d'une forte présence internationale, avec la participation de 31 entreprises mondiales de renom
09/20/2024 - 02:37 AM  
HEFEI, Chine--(BUSINESS WIRE)--l'édition 2024 de la Convention mondiale du secteur manufacturier aura lieu du 20 au 23 septembre à Hefei, dans la province d'Anhui. Dans la zone d'exposition interna... more »

All News

Home
Services
News
Education
About Us
Log In
Sign Up
More from Business Wire
Blog
UK/Ireland
Deutschland
France
Hong Kong
Italy
Japan
Tradeshownews.com
Contact Us
UK Tax Strategy
Privacy Statement
Manage Cookies
Terms of Use
© 2024 Business Wire

===== Scraped from: https://proofpoint.com =====

Skip to main content
Proofpoint
Search

Registration for Proofpoint's biggest end-user event of the year is now open.

 Register now for PROTECT 2024.
The leader in human-centric cybersecurity

87 of the Fortune 100 trust Proofpoint to stop human-targeted attacks, safeguard their data and make their people more resilient.

GET IN TOUCH
Featured
Event
Protect 2024: Join us to begin your human-centric cybersecurity journey.
Featured
Starter Pack
Find everything you need to get started with a proactive approach to insider threats.
Featured
Virtual Event Series
Proofpoint Power Series - Powering up the security community
INTRO
THE CHALLENGE
WHY PROOFPOINT
THE PROOF
CUSTOMERS
THE LATEST
Today’s integrated cyberattacks target people, not just technology


Digital transformation has redefined the traditional perimeters. The systems designed to safeguard people remain fragmented and inadequate. To stop multi-layered attacks targeting your users, you need a multi-layered human centric cybersecurity platform.

1%
of data breaches rely on exploiting the human element
1%
of cyberattacks start with unauthorized access of privileged user identities
1%
of cybersecurity issues can be traced to human error
Half a million customers, including 87 of the Fortune 100, rely on Proofpoint


The Proofpoint human-centric cybersecurity platform is the only modern security architecture that takes a comprehensive, adaptive and effective approach to protect your organization’s greatest assets and biggest risks: your people.

Why Proofpoint

With Proofpoint, organizations can protect people and defend data by taking a human-centric approach. Our platform provides best-of-breed solutions to solve four critical concerns—stopping threats, protecting information, guiding users and securing app/ID posture. Discover the Proofpoint Platform

We’re recognized as an industry leader by leading analyst firms and customers alike.
News Article
04.11.24
Proofpoint is Recognized as a 2024 Gartner® Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice for Data Loss Prevention
Resource
Proofpoint Recognized as Overall Market Leader Frost Radar™: Email Security, 2024

"The data is gold. Without Proofpoint, we would be blind to what users did with data and clicked on at home."

Life Sciences CISO
1K
customers trust Proofpoint as their strategic cybersecurity partner
1%
of the Fortune 100 use Proofpoint to stop human-targeted attacks and safeguard their data
1%
of the Fortune 1000 are protected by Proofpoint
VIEW ALL CUSTOMER STORIES
The latest industry insights, reports and press releases
Featured Blog Article
01.24.24
More than One-Quarter of the Global 2000 Are Not Ready for Upcoming Stringent Email Authentication Rules
READ MORE
Resource
Cybersecurity Awareness Kit
News Article
05.02.24
Proofpoint Announces Availability of its Human-Centric Security Solutions in AWS Marketplace
Start protecting your people today
GET IN TOUCH
Products
Protect People
Defend Data
Mitigate Human Risk
Premium Services
Get Support
Product Support Login
Support Services
IP Address Blocked?
Connect with Us
+1-408-517-4710
Attend an Event
Contact Us
Free Demo Request
More
About Proofpoint
Why Proofpoint
Careers
Leadership Team
News Center
Privacy and Trust
© 2024. All rights reserved.
Terms and conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap

===== Scraped from: https://fb.com =====

Facebook helps you connect and share with the people in your life.
Log in
Forgotten password?
Create new account
Create a Page for a celebrity, brand or business.
English (UK)
తెలుగు
اردو
हिन्दी
தமிழ்
ଓଡ଼ିଆ
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
Español
Português (Brasil)
Français (France)
Sign UpLog inMessengerFacebook LiteVideoPlacesGamesMarketplaceMeta PayMeta StoreMeta QuestRay-Ban MetaMeta AIInstagramThreadsFundraisersServicesVoting Information CentrePrivacy PolicyPrivacy CentreGroupsAboutCreate adCreate PageDevelopersCareersCookiesAdChoices
TermsHelpContact uploading and non-users
Settings
Activity log
Meta © 2024

===== Scraped from: https://withsecure.com =====

About us
Who we are
Company facts
The European Way
Company contacts
Our offices
Sales contact
Speakers
Careers at WithSecure™
Open jobs
Investor relations
Share
Financials
Investor calendar
Materials
Governance
Co-security community
Legal
Terms
Privacy
General privacy policy
Solutions privacy policies
Corporate social responsibility
What's new
Pressroom
Media library
Social media channels
Events
Product updates
Elements quarterly updates
Newest articles
Fresh threat reports
Service status
Latest updates
WithSecure sells its product and business related to open source data collection to Patria
Read more
Sign up. Be informed.
NYDFS 500: How to Make Sure You Comply
Read more
Understanding Continuous Threat Exposure Management
Read more
Understanding Cloud Security Posture Management
Read more
Select your location and language
Europe

Sweden

English

Portugal

Portuguese

Poland

Polish

Italy

Italian

Spain

Spanish

France

French

Finland

Finnish

Germany

German

United Kingdom

English

Denmark

English

Netherlands

English

Norway

English

North America

United States

English

Central and South America

LATAM

Spanish

Brazil

Portuguese

Asia - Pacific

Japan

Japanese

Global

International

English

Looking for:

Customer support
Contact sales
24/7 Assistance
Research
Partner program
Offering
Open jobs
Resources
W/Consulting
W/ Cloud Protection for Salesforce
 Experiencing a breach?
About us
What's new
 Global
 Login
Solutions
WithSecure™ Elements Platform

Our modular cyber security solution bringing XDR, XM and Co-Security Services to a unified pane of glass.

Extended Detection & Response (XDR)
Endpoint Security
Identity Security
Email & Collaboration Protection
Exposure Management (XM)
Vulnerability Management
Cloud Security Posture Management
Co-Security Services
Managed Detection & Response (MDR)
Co-Monitoring Service
On-demand Elevate
Incident Response
WithSecure™ Countercept
Solution highlights
GenAI Luminen™
Looking for EDR?
Check all solutions
Expertise
Watch & Read
On-demand webinars & videos
Research Articles
Blog
Elements Quarterly updates
Cyber Podcasts
Latest cyber security topics
The European Way
NIS2 – Enhancing cyber security in EU
Cyber Security and the Supply Chain
The AI explosion
Ransomware
Research & Innovation
Our Expertise
Threat research
WithSecure™ Labs
Featured article
NYDFS 500: How to Make Sure You Comply
Read more
Check all resources
Partners
Become a partner
About W/ Partnership
Partner offering
Managed service providers
Resellers
Distributors
For current partners
Partner success services
Partner training
Partner Portal access
Find a partner
Partner locator
Technology partners
Partner's corner
Disrupting the Kill Chain with WithSecure™ Cloud Protection for Salesforce
Read more
Why WithSecure?
Why Choose WithSecure?
Why WithSecure?
Customer success stories
Industry recognition
Certifications & Accreditations
The European Way
Cybersecurity made in Europe
Practical guide about NIS2 compliance
Outcome-based strategies
What are Security Outcomes?
Improve Competitiveness
Build Resilience
Supercharge Productivity
Keep learning
How to make security outcomes work for you?
Challenges and opportunities on Security Outcomes
6 ways to connect cyber security to business outcomes
Download the Security Outcomes study (.pdf)
Download the Security Outcomes Canvas
Podcast: Winning with outcome-based security
Identify Your Response Gap Tool
Get Support
Self-help
Troubleshooting
Support tools
User guides
Help forum
Download center
Contact support
Submit support request
Call support
Submit a sample
Renew license
Report vulnerability
Let us know
Share your ideas
Give us feedback
Important updates
Product updates
WithSecure™ Elements announcements
Service status
WithSecure Support

Find the help you need to make the most of your WithSecure products and services.

Get support
Free Trials
Contact Sales
Prompt Down Hackers with Luminen™ GenAI

WithSecure Luminen™ blends the power of GenAI with the workflows of today's overwhelmed and understaffed IT security teams to supercharge their work and user experience.

Read more about our GenAI
 
Slide 1
Slide 2
Slide 3

Cyber Security Software

Why WithSecure?
Leveraging a rich history of cyber security innovation and experience

WithSecure is a European-founded cyber security company helping to protect businesses and prioritizing strong partnerships with our customers and partners.

Why Choose WithSecure? 
Proudly doing it The European Way

WithSecure adhere to the European way of data protection, respecting privacy, data sovereignty, and regulations. These values are integral to our work, enabling us to offer cyber security technology that ensures EU compliance from day one. 

More about The European Way 

Choose your battle

What are you looking for today?

As cyber threats become increasingly sophisticated, WithSecure equips you to predict, prevent, detect, and respond to attacks.

+
Adhere to the European Way through your security practices and compliances using NIS2 
Read more
+
Have a holistic approach to threat detection and response with XDR
Read more
+
Secure Your Supply Chain Attacts 
Read more
+
Strength Your Cybersecurity Defenses with Exposure Management 
Read more
+
Understand how AI explosion may impact your security landscape 
Read more

Prepare for tomorrow

Strengthen your digital security with Elements Cloud Platform

Our comprehensive Elements Cloud platform seamlessly integrates software, services, and all essential security capabilities into a single unified solution.

Discover more 
Flexible subscription plans

Customers can adapt along with their changing business needs with flexible subscription options.

 

Advanced features

You get the advanced features already available as standard capabilities in the platform or easily extended with our services.

 

Modularity

Flexible pricing models and a modular structure allow you to pick the cyber security package that works best for you 

EXTENDED DETECTION & RESPONSE (XDR)
Endpoint Security
Identity Security
Email & Collaboration Protection
EXPOSURE MANAGEMENT (XM)
Vulnerability Management
Cloud Security Posture Management
CO-SECURITY SERVICES
Managed Detection & Response (MDR)
Co-Monitoring Service
On-demand Elevate
Incident Response
Put your trust in WithSecure

Many awards, case studies, independent evaluations and other industry recognition speak for themselves. Our partners love us for a good reason!

Solita

"As an IT penetration tester myself, I recognize the value in seeing vulnerabilities from the attackers’ perspective.” 

 

Iiro Uusitalo, Cloud Security Specialist, Solita.

More of our success stories 

Find reliable partnership

We see a world where no one experiences a serious loss from a cyber attack

With more than 30 years of experience in building technology that meets business objectives, we’ve built our portfolio to grow with our partners through flexible commercial models.

Check WithSecure’s partnerships 
  97%
Willingness to Recommend WithSecure

Based on Gartner Peer Insights, Voice of the Customer for Endpoint Protection Platforms 2023.

# 1
In Software Reviews

WithSecure Elements ranked 1st overall in 2024 Endpoint Protection Emotional Footprint Report as evidence to provide great service, a great product and great value.

5/5
MITRE ATT&CK tests

WithSecure has participated into every single EDR evaluation with MITRE Engenuity’s open methodology based on Adversarial Tactics, Techniques & Common Knowledge (ATT&CK®) framework

  Excellent
Editors’ Choice

PC Mag Editors’ Choice in Hosted Endpoint Protection category with excellent remarks.

5/5

Recommended by PC Pro

WithSecure Elements EPP and EDR was awarded 5 stars and recommendation by PC Pro.

  Notable Vendor
Extended Detection & Response

WithSecure included as a notable player in the Forrester Extended Detection and Response Platforms Landscape, Q4 2023 report (Nov 2023).

               
With great research comes great responsibility

Get valuable knowledge and practical advice from our research team's diverse array of publications.

NYDFS 500: How to Make Sure You Comply
Read more
More in our Resource Hub 
Why robust software updates are important
Read more
Practical tips for midsized companies around NIS2 Compliance
Read more
What should a mid-sized company look for in an XDR solution?
Read more
The latest Cyber Security Insights

Our news, webinars, threat highlights and advisories have been created to keep you informed and ahead of the cyber security game.

News
Events
On-demand webinars
Threat highlights
Security advisories
Read all news 
WithSecure sells its product and business related to open source data collection to Patria
Read the full page
New WithSecure report reveals signs of evening out in ransomware productivity, as well as other key trends and industry shifts
Read the full page
WithSecure™ Excels in AV-TEST's Advanced EDR Test
Read the full page
WithSecure™ is the trusted cyber security partner
Solutions
W/ Elements Platform
Extended Detection & Response (XDR)
Exposure Management (XM)
Co-Security Services
W/ Consulting
W/ Cloud Protection for Salesforce
Company
Why WithSecure?
Pressroom
Events
Media library
For Investors
Careers at WithSecure
W/ Labs
Contacts
Company contact
Our offices
Sales contact
Become a partner
Find a partner
Report vulnerability
Experiencing a breach?
Support
User guides
Support articles
Submit support request
Call support
Submit a sample
Give feedback
Login to W/ Services
Newsletter
Terms of service
Privacy policy
Modern slavery statement
Cookies
en
© WithSecure 2024

===== Scraped from: https://techcrunch.com =====

Skip to content
AI
Elon Musk’s reposts of Kamala Harris deepfakes may not fly under new California law
Maxwell Zeff
Security
Chipmaker Qualcomm lays off hundreds of workers in San Diego
Zack Whittaker  Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai
Security
Apple’s new macOS Sequoia update is breaking some cybersecurity tools
Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai
Apps
Apple Intelligence is now live in public beta. Here’s what it offers and how to enable it.
Brian Heater
Robotics
Kiwibot acquires an ad startup to turn its delivery robots into mobile billboards
Brian Heater
The Latest
Fundraising
India’s Physics Wallah raises $210M at $2.8B valuation even as edtech funding remains scarce
Manish Singh
3 hours ago

An Indian edtech startup has secured $210 million in fresh financing amid a tough funding environment for edtech companies in the country.

Media & Entertainment
John Mulaney skewers San Francisco tech crowd at Dreamforce
Connie Loizos
4 hours ago

Attendees of the giant, annual Dreamforce conference in San Francisco love being the butt of the joke. Last year, Seth Myers entertained them during a 40-minute set that poked fun…

AI
Indian filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma abandons human musicians for AI-generated music
Manish Singh
4 hours ago

Indian filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma is ditching human musicians for artificial intelligence, saying he’ll use only AI-generated tunes in future projects, a move that underscores AI’s growing reach in creative…

AI
Here is what’s illegal under California’s 8 (and counting) new AI laws
Maxwell Zeff
10 hours ago

California Governor Gavin Newsom is currently considering 38 AI-related bills, including the highly contentious SB 1047, which the state’s legislature sent to his desk for final approval. These bills try…

Transportation
Gaming Lyft’s Citi Bike algos was a lucrative side hustle for a while
Kirsten Korosec
11 hours ago

A New York Times article Thursday highlighted a lucrative side hustle that is emblematic of the times we live in: gaming algorithms to earn money. In this case, folks figured…

Security
Chipmaker Qualcomm lays off hundreds of workers in San Diego
Zack Whittaker  Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai
11 hours ago

This is the chipmaker’s second round of layoffs over the past year, while the company recorded billions in revenue.

Space
SpaceX disputes $633K FAA fine, citing ‘systematic challenges’ with agency
Aria Alamalhodaei
11 hours ago

SpaceX sent a letter to top congressional leaders on Wednesday denying allegations that it violated its launch licenses on two separate occasions last year, which has resulted in regulators seeking…

AI
Elon Musk’s reposts of Kamala Harris deepfakes may not fly under new California law
Maxwell Zeff
11 hours ago

California’s newest law could land social media users who post, or repost, AI deepfakes that deceive voters about upcoming elections in legal trouble. Governor Gavin Newsom suggests that AB 2839,…

Hardware
MIT develops recyclable 3D-printed glass blocks for construction
Brian Heater
12 hours ago

The team points to glass’ optical properties and its “infinite recyclability” as reasons for turning to the material.

Government & Policy
FTC report on predatory social media data hoarding hints at future regulations
Devin Coldewey
12 hours ago

A new FTC report on how social media and streaming sites collect and monetize their hoards of user data doesn’t really feature a lot of surprises for anyone who’s followed…

Get the industry’s biggest tech news
Explore all newsletters
TechCrunch Daily News

Every weekday and Sunday, you can get the best of TechCrunch’s coverage.

Startups Weekly

Startups are the core of TechCrunch, so get our best coverage delivered weekly.

TechCrunch Week in Review

Get the best of our coverage, delivered to your inbox every Saturday.

TechCrunch AI

TechCrunch's AI experts cover the latest news in the fast-moving field.

No newsletters selected selected
No newsletters selected
Email address (required)
Subscribe

By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice.

Where we’ll be next
Nov 13th
StrictlyVC NYC
Get Tickets
Be A Sponsor
Oct 28th
TechCrunch Disrupt 2024
SAN FRANCISCO, CA
Get Tickets
Be A Sponsor
Biotech & Health
This robotic knee exoskeleton is made from consumer braces and drone motors
Brian Heater
14 hours ago

Test subjects were required to move a 30-pound kettlebell up and down a flight of stairs.

Apps
Apple, Google wallets now support California driver’s licenses
Aisha Malik  Maxwell Zeff
14 hours ago

California residents can now store their driver’s license or state ID in their Apple Wallet apps, the state’s government announced on Thursday. California started allowing digital IDs through Google Wallet…

Venture
Virtuous, a fundraising CRM for nonprofits, raises $100M from Susquehanna Growth Equity
Marina Temkin
15 hours ago

I recently adopted a kitten from a local animal shelter. The modern, well-staffed three-story facility relies almost entirely on donations to operate. It’s just one of the 1.8 million nonprofits…

Transportation
No, the FAA isn’t fining SpaceX because of Elon Musk’s politics, former FAA head says
Margaux MacColl
15 hours ago

Elon Musk is suing the FAA over fines he claims are “politically-motivated.” The former head of the FAA disagrees.

Apps
Apple Intelligence is now live in public beta. Here’s what it offers and how to enable it.
Brian Heater
15 hours ago

Starting Thursday, those who are enrolled in Apple’s public beta program will be able to experience the generative AI-fueled platform the company has been talking up since June.

Transportation
A leadership shake-up at Motional, inside the fight over TuSimple’s cash, and Fisker waffles on recall repairs
Kirsten Korosec
16 hours ago

This week’s Mobility newsletter looks at a leadership shakeup at Motional, and we go inside the fight over TuSimple’s cash and much more.

Transportation
Cruise robotaxis return to the Bay Area nearly one year after pedestrian crash
Sean O'Kane
16 hours ago

The company said Thursday that it will put “several” vehicles driven by humans in the two cities that will initially perform mapping.

Apps
For $5, Photon Library brings back the feel of the old iOS Photos app
Sarah Perez
16 hours ago

The company said it was inspired to create an alternative Photos app after seeing how frustrated iOS 18 early adopters were with Apple’s new design.

Security
Apple’s new macOS Sequoia update is breaking some cybersecurity tools
Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai
16 hours ago

On Monday, Apple released its latest computer operating system update called macOS 15, or Sequoia. And, somehow, the software update has broken the functionality of several security tools made by…

Security
Google rolls out automatic passkey syncing via Password Manager
Kyle Wiggers
16 hours ago

Passkeys, the digital credentials that let you sign into apps and websites without entering a password, are getting easier to use for Chrome users. You can now save passkeys to…

Next
Page
About
TechCrunch
Staff
Contact Us
Advertise
Crunchboard Jobs
Site Map
Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
RSS Terms of Use
Code of Conduct
About Our Ads
Trending Tech Topics
Apple Intelligence
Cruise Robotaxis
Amazo Video Generator
iOS 18
Snap Spectacles
Tech Layoffs
ChatGPT
Facebook
X
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Mastodon
Threads
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.

Powered by WordPress VIP

===== Scraped from: https://mozilla.org =====

Download Firefox
Firefox Browsers
Products
Who We Are
Innovation
Mission-driven. People-powered.

We’re not a normal tech company. The things we create prioritize people and their privacy over profits. We exist to make the internet a healthier, happier place for everyone.

“The health of the internet and online life is why we exist.”

Mitchell Baker, Executive Chair of the Board, Mozilla Foundation
Mozilla makes privacy-respecting products
Private & secure browsing
Get Firefox
The web’s most intriguing articles
Get Pocket
Detect fake shopping reviews
Get Fakespot
Hide your phone number and email from spammers
Get Relay
A VPN you can trust
Get Mozilla VPN
Protect your private info from data brokers
Get Monitor

“Mozilla is taking bets to show the world there’s a business to be made with trustworthy AI. That includes putting things like human rights, data protection and transparency at the core of how these complex systems work.”

Politico
Join us in shaping trustworthy AI

Mozilla’s work with AI isn’t just a new thing—we’ve spent years funding, building and advocating for AI that’s open, fair and developed responsibly. Our focus is on creating AI that serves the people, prioritizes transparency and supports the public good, not corporate agendas.

Read more
So, what is Mozilla?

At its core, Mozilla is an activist organization led by the Mozilla Foundation that makes change in the world through a variety of ventures including Mozilla Corporation, MZLA, Mozilla Ventures and Mozilla AI. How are we different? Because we’re mission-driven, it means we have the freedom to make all of our decisions based on what’s best for the internet and for everyone online, not based on the demands of shareholders — we don’t actually have any of those.

Learn about the Mozilla Foundation
BUILD OUR MOVEMENT
Donate to Mozilla Foundation today to ensure the internet remains open and accessible to all.
Donate
Join the fight for a healthy internet

Your voice. Your code. Your ideas. There are literally thousands of ways you can contribute to Mozilla.

Volunteer with Mozilla
That one time we gave away our source-code…

The Mozilla project was founded in San Francisco in 1998, when the Netscape browser made the radical decision to give away its program code to the public to build on and improve. At that time, one company had a virtual monopoly on how people experienced the internet.

Eventually, the open-source Mozilla project morphed into the wildly popular first version of Firefox.

Today, Mozilla continues its movement toward a better internet with millions of active community members spanning the globe, advocating for ethical tech, trustworthy AI and producing privacy-first products that give more power to the people.

Learn more about Mozilla
Join the Community

Sign up to receive monthly updates from Firefox and internet trends that shape your life online.

Your email address:

Sign Up Now
We will only send you Firefox-related information. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Mozilla
Company
Mozilla Manifesto
Press Center
Mozilla Blog
Careers
Contact
 Donate
Resources
Privacy Hub
Brand Standards
Support
Product Help
File a Bug
Localize Mozilla
Developers
Developer Edition
Beta
Beta for Android
Nightly
Nightly for Android
Enterprise
Tools
Follow @Mozilla
X (formerly Twitter) (@mozilla)
 
Mastodon (@mozilla)
 
Instagram (@mozilla)
 
LinkedIn (@mozilla)
 
TikTok (@mozilla)
 
Spotify (@mozilla)
Follow @Firefox
X (formerly Twitter) (@firefox)
 
Instagram (@firefox)
 
YouTube (@firefoxchannel)
Language
Language
aragonés
عربي
Asturianu
Azərbaycanca
Беларуская
Български
বাংলা
Bosanski
Català
Maya Kaqchikel
Čeština
Cymraeg
Dansk
Deutsch
Dolnoserbšćina
Ελληνικά
English (Canadian)
English (British)
English
Esperanto
Español (de Argentina)
Español (de Chile)
Español (de España)
Español (de México)
Eesti keel
Euskara
فارسی
suomi
Français
Frysk
Gàidhlig
Galego
Avañe'ẽ
ગુજરાતી (ભારત)
עברית
हिन्दी (भारत)
Hrvatski
Hornjoserbsce
magyar
Հայերեն
Interlingua
Bahasa Indonesia
íslenska
Italiano
日本語
ქართული
Taqbaylit
한국어
Ligure
Lietuvių
മലയാളം
मराठी
Melayu
မြန်မာဘာသာ
Norsk bokmål
Nederlands
Norsk nynorsk
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (ਭਾਰਤ)
Polski
Português (do Brasil)
Português (Europeu)
rumantsch
Română
Русский
Scots
සිංහල
slovenčina
سرائیکی
Slovenščina
Shqip
Српски
Svenska
தமிழ்
ไทย
Türkçe
Triqui
Українська
اُردو
Tiếng Việt
中文 (简体)
正體中文 (繁體)
Website Privacy Notice Cookies Legal Community Participation Guidelines About this site

Visit Mozilla Corporation’s not-for-profit parent, the Mozilla Foundation.
Portions of this content are ©1998–2024 by individual mozilla.org contributors. Content available under a Creative Commons license.

===== Scraped from: https://humansecurity.com =====

Platform
Human Defense Platform
Platform Packages
Advertising
Comprehensive, purpose-built solutions for ad tech platforms and digital publishers.
Applications
Cybersecurity solutions to protect web and mobile applications from fraud and abuse.
Account
Stop fraudsters from exploiting your valuable online accounts on apps and websites.
Ad Fraud Sensor
Scraping
PCI DSS Compliance
Ad Fraud Defense
Data Contamination
Account Takeover
Malvertising
Transaction Abuse
Fake Accounts
Ad Quality
Client-Side
Compromised Accounts
Ad Platforms
Financial Services
Healthcare
Publishers
Retail & E-Commerce
Saas Platforms
Streaming & Gaming
Travel & Hospitality
Learn
Blog
Case Studies
Webinars
Resource Center
Documentation
Security
Satori Threat Intelligence Research Team
Bot Insights
Account Takeover
Ad Fraud
Application Security
Blocking Bots
Bots
Bot Detection
Brute Force Attack
Captcha
Carding
Credential Stuffing
E-commerce Security
Fake Account Creation
PCI DSS Compliance
PII Harvesting
Shadow Code
Supply Chain Attack
Web Scraping
Company
About
News
Careers
Leadership
Board of Directors
The Human Collective
Satori Threat Intelligence Research Team
Partners
The Human Collective
Partnerships and Integrations
Resellers
Become a Partner
Partner Portal
Request a Demo
Contact Sales
Blog
A VISION TO BELIEVE IN
HUMAN NAMED A LEADER
in The Forrester Wave™: Bot Management Software, Q3 2024
Explore the Results
 
Connect With a Human
Combat tomorrow’s cybersecurity threats today.

Secure every touchpoint along your customer journey against advertising fraud, sophisticated bot attacks, account fraud and abuse, and client-side threats.

Advertising
Reach real humans from the start
Deliver quality digital ad experiences that drive genuine performance. Eliminate wasteful spending on fake bot impressions and prevent malicious ads from redirecting audience attention.
Ad Fraud Sensor
Ad Fraud Defense
Malvertising Defense
Ad Quality Defense
Explore Advertising Protection
Applications
Create a safe haven for your users
Preserve privacy, compliance, and trust as users arrive at and navigate your digital experience. Prevent bots from stealing your content, ensure data integrity, and avoid compliance penalties.
Scraping Defense
Data Contamination Defense
Transaction Abuse Defense
Client-Side Defense
PCI DSS Compliance
Explore Application Protection
Accounts
Secure frictionless login and new user sign-up
Decrease account fraud losses and prevent sensitive data exfiltration. Block unauthorized logins and synthetic new signups by automated bots and neutralize post-login fraud.
Account Takeover Defense
Fake Account Defense
Compromised Account Defense
Explore Account Protection
THE HUMAN DEFENSE PLATFORM™
One platform for safer ads, interactions, and transactions.

Our suite of modular solutions provides advanced analytics and drill-down paths to identify emerging threats. Fine-tune your security posture and fraud prevention with controls specifically tailored to meet your policy and compliance requirements.

Explore the Platform
THE HUMAN ADVANTAGE
Make a trusted customer experience your competitive advantage.

HUMAN’s visibility generates unique telemetry data at every touchpoint
along the customer journey to protect your most critical attack surfaces.

Scale
We verify more than 20 trillion digital interactions weekly across 3 billion unique devices, the world's largest threat network, providing unrivaled threat telemetry.
Speed
Our Decision Engine examines 2,500+ signals per interaction, connecting disparate data to detect anomalies in mere milliseconds.
Decision Precision
Signals from across the customer journey are analyzed by 400+ algorithms and adaptive machine learning models to enable high-fidelity decisioning.
Satori Threat Intelligence and Research Team

The Satori team are the detectives of the internet, disrupting and taking down cybercrime at the highest level, leveraging the full capabilities of the HUMAN Advantage.

Learn More
OUR CUSTOMERS
Protecting industry-leading internet platforms and market makers

HUMAN combines the power of great technology, people, and service and flips the script on bad actors with the Human Defense Platform.

HUMAN Named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™:
Bot Management Software, Q3 2024

Learn more
Customers rank HUMAN #1 in G2’s Bot Detection and Mitigation category
Learn Why
[With HUMAN], we enjoyed a three-order of magnitude reduction in bad actor traffic, and that takes a lot of the heat off in fraud terms. Furthermore, I really love that HUMAN is evolving the product. There's a well-charted roadmap of features directly relevant to customers dealing with fraud.
Read Case Study

FanDuel

Senior Director, Architecture

We use the data and insights from HUMAN in the management of our partnerships as a deciding factor in turning off, pausing, or whatever we need to do to ensure our marketplace quality remains premium.
Read Case Study

TripleLift

Senior Director, Business Development

Your customers are counting on you to safeguard their digital journey.
Your business needs protection from fraud, bot attacks, and account abuse.

HUMAN enables you to do it all.
Get to know HUMAN
Explore the Platform
Talk to a Human
Request a Demo
Platform
Human Defense Platform™
Packages
Advertising
Applications
Accounts
SOLUTIONS
Ad Fraud Sensor
Ad Fraud Defense
Malvertising
Ad Quality
Scraping
Client-Side
Data Contamination
Transaction Abuse
PCI DSS Compliance
Account Takeover
Fake Accounts
Compromised Accounts
INDUSTRIES
Ad Platforms
Healthcare
Streaming & Gaming
Travel & Hospitality
Financial Services
Retail & Ecommerce
SaaS Platforms
Publishers
Public Sector
Products
HUMAN Bot Defender
MediaGuard
cleanAD
Account Defender
Code Defender
Credential Intelligence
Company
About
News
Careers
Leadership
Satori Threat Intelligence Research Team
Board of Directors
What is The Human Collective?
Partners
The Human Collective
Integrations
Resellers
Technology
Partner Portal
ROLES
For Security
For Fraud
For AdTech
For Marketing
For Product
Learn
Blog
Case Studies
Webinars
Resources Center
Docs
Tech & Engineering Blog
Patents
Contact Us
Talk to an Expert
Request a Free Bot Risk Assessment
Locations
New York City
Miami
Dallas
Washington DC
Tel Aviv
London
Victoria
© 2024 Human
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Notice to California Residents
Cookie Settings
Data Security & Privacy FAQ
Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement

===== Scraped from: https://nist.gov =====

Skip to main content

An official website of the United States government

Here’s how you know
Search NIST
Menu
Curiosity to Career: Encouraging Students to Pursue STEM Education
New Smoke Alarms Are Better at Detecting Fires but Still Beep for Bacon
NIST Provides Update on Champlain Towers South Investigation
INNOVATION UNLEASHED

Working with industry and academia to enhance economic security and improve our quality of life.

Services & Resources
Computer Security Resource Center (CSRC)
Data
Official U.S. Time
Publications
Software
Laboratories
Communications Technology Laboratory
Engineering Laboratory
Information Technology Laboratory
Material Measurement Laboratory
NIST Center for Neutron Research
Physical Measurement Laboratory
Extramural Programs
Baldrige Performance Excellence Program
Manufacturing Extension Partnership (MEP)
Manufacturing USA
NVLAP
Technology Transfer
CHIPS for America
Investments in innovation, resilience and a more competitive American future | Learn more
FEATURED TOPICS
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
CLIMATE
COMMUNICATIONS
CYBERSECURITY
HEALTH & BIOSCIENCE
INFRASTRUCTURE
MANUFACTURING
QUANTUM SCIENCE
STANDARDS & MEASUREMENTS

NIST’s portfolio of services for measurements, standards, and legal metrology provide solutions that ensure measurement traceability, enable quality assurance, and harmonize documentary standards and regulatory practices.

Calibrations
Documentary Standards
Standard Reference Data
Standard Reference Materials
Standard Reference Instruments
NEWS
New Smoke Alarms Are Better at Detecting Fires but Still Beep for Bacon
SEPTEMBER 18, 2024
NIST research in a kitchen fire laboratory shows that updated smoke detectors still produce nuisance alarms during cooking.
NIST Provides Update on Champlain Towers South Investigation
SEPTEMBER 12, 2024
Work continues to determine cause of the 2021 tragedy and to develop science-based recommendations to improve building safety.
NIST’s Long Phan and Marc Levitan Receive Service to America Medal
SEPTEMBER 10, 2024
The award recognizes their efforts to develop standards and building codes to make structures resistant to tornadoes.
Now Live: Living Cells Can Be Seen With Infrared Light
SEPTEMBER 9, 2024
NIST researchers use new method to measure biomolecules in live cells.
View All News
EVENTS
Unleashing AI Innovation, Enabling Trust
TUE, SEP 24 - WED, SEP 25 2024
A symposium to discuss recent progress and next steps in AI measurement and standards Description The National Institute
Technical Language Processing Community of Interest 2024 Meeting
TUE, SEP 24 - WED, SEP 25 2024
Join Us for the 2024 TLP COI Meeting and Workshop The Technical Language Processing Community of Interest (TLP COI) in
Safeguarding Health Information: Building Assurance through HIPAA Security 2024
WED, OCT 23 - THU, OCT 24 2024
The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Office for Civil Rights (OCR) and the National Institute of Standards
View Past Events View All Upcoming Events
HEADQUARTERS
100 Bureau Drive
Gaithersburg, MD 20899
301-975-2000

Webmaster | Contact Us | Our Other Offices

Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube
Giphy
RSS Feed
Mailing List
How are we doing? Feedback
Site Privacy  Accessibility  Privacy Program  Copyrights  Vulnerability Disclosure  No Fear Act Policy  FOIA  Environmental Policy  Scientific Integrity  Information Quality Standards  Commerce.gov  Science.gov  USA.gov  Vote.gov

===== Scraped from: https://intel471.com =====

Skip to content
Open Menu
Fight Cyber Threats.
And win.

Intel 471 empowers security teams to be proactive with our relevant and timely insights into the cyber underground

Fight Cyber Threats.
And win.

Intel 471 empowers security teams to be proactive with our relevant and timely insights into the cyber underground

NEW EPISODE Cybercrime Exposed Podcast: Tank
LISTEN NOW
FEATURED
Cyber Threat Intelligence Solutions
Attack Surface Protection

Identify exposed assets and dark web threats to your attack surface with our elevated attack surface management (ASM) solutions. Read on to learn more.

Vulnerability Management

Track the life cycles of vulnerabilities and actor exploits so you know when to act.

Compromised Credential Management

Compromised credentials provide threat actors with an easy access point into your network from which they can conduct malicious behavior such as installing malware, and selling or destroying your data.

Malicious Traffic Detection

Timely and high-fidelity File and Network Based Indicator feeds that can be automatically ingested and operationalized within security stacks to block and detect malicious activity from malware

Breach Monitoring

Swiftly detect third-party breaches on the dark web and ingest actionable intelligence about attackers behind them. Learn more on how our solution protects you, here.

Threat Hunting

Focus your team's hunt with up-to-the-minute intelligence about the latest cyber threats.

INTEGRATED WITH LEADING COMPANIES
Cyber Underground Handbook

The Cyber Underground General Intelligence Requirements Handbook helps you take your security operation to the next level of sophistication. The Intel 471 proprietary GIR Framework defines relevance, synchronizes the intelligence effort, and routes information to the right stakeholders or systems.

Request your free copy of the Intel 471 General Intelligence Requirements Handbook today and learn about how our customers utilize the GIR Framework and Intelligence Planning Workbook to enhance the process of cyber threat identification and tracking.

Download Now
1 / 6
New loader on the bloc - AresLoader

AresLoader is a new loader malware-as-a-service (MaaS) offered by threat actors with links to Russian hacktivism that was spotted recently in the wild.

Read full article 
2 / 6
Attack Surface Protection

Intel 471’s Attack Surface Protection is our suite of solutions, each geared for different users at different stages in their attack surface journey.

Download data sheet 
3 / 6
Russia Engages With Ukraine on Cyber Battlefield

Cyber activity will ramp up more before a physical war since it is being used as a tool in an attempt to disrupt and weaken countries.

View news article 
4 / 6
Intel 471 Names Co-Founder / COO, Jason Passwaters as New CEO

Intel 471 today announced that Mark Arena has made the decision to transition from his role as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) to Strategic Advisor. Jason Passwaters, co-founder and Chief Operating Officer (COO) will become the new CEO effective March 1, 2023. Mark Arena will retain his seat on the Board of Directors.

View press release 
5 / 6
Brand Protection in Healthcare in Times of COVID-19

Watch webinar 
6 / 6
Year in Review 2022

The year of 2022 presented both new and evolving trends.

Get whitepaper copy 
Click to navigate back to previous resource.
Click to navigate to next resource.
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Insights Driving Action

The four brand pillars on which we have built our intelligence capabilities demonstrate why our intelligence gathering is unique, why our intelligence is valuable, and how our intelligence can be tailored for different CTI needs to ensure the organizations we protect inform decisions and operations.

01. Boots on the Ground
By interacting with threat actors in their native languages and vernaculars, our global experts gain credibility where other providers are exposed. We have unique insight into how actors operate so you can stay one step ahead and a global presence that can be leveraged to meet your intelligence needs.
02. Relevant and Timely
03. End to End
04. Operationalize

Intel 471’s underground intelligence is truly unparalleled: The deeper I go into TITAN for research, the more amazed I am at the level of detail and the scope of tracking that's been put into the years of work by the team. Their GIR framework is also well thought out and I enjoy using it to shape the delivery of the SANS FO589 course.

- Will Thomas, CTI Researcher for the Equinix Threat Analysis Center and co-author of the SANS FOR589 course: Cybercrime Intelligence
Featured Articles
New loader on the bloc - AresLoader

AresLoader is a new loader malware-as-a-service (MaaS) offered by threat actors with links to Russian hacktivism that was spotted recently in the wild.

TRENDING
Intel 471 Attack Surface Protection - A Critical Component for Defense
Cyber Threats Facing the Automotive Industry
Will Recent Police Action Deter DDoS For-Hire Services?
A Look at NLBrute, the RDP Attack Tool
A Ransomware Forecast for 2023
Malvertising Surges to Distribute Malware
COMPREHENSIVE INTEL
Core Platform Capabilities

Intel 471 is the premier provider of cyber threat intelligence (CTI) solutions across the globe. Our customers navigate TITAN, our feature-rich SaaS platform, which delivers our human-driven, automation enabled insights to provide full visibility of the threat actors and threats they pose to organizations. TITAN provides access to intelligence reports and raw data to satisfy our core capabilities:

Adversary Intelligence

Understand what threat actors are planning, attacking, and how they operate. By learning the why and how of their behavior, you can proactively plan for – and help outwit – their attacks. Intel 471 provides ongoing automated collection, local human intelligence reporting, and high-fidelity alerting of top-tier cybercriminals. We customize these results to your business, industry, and geography, enabling you to make critical decisions based on trusted intelligence.

Details
Credential Intelligence

Mitigate the exposure of compromised credentials that could be used to impersonate users, gain unauthorized network access, steal data, and commit fraud. Intel 471 provides constant monitoring and alerting of compromised credentials, alerting you to breaches involving your employees, VIPs, customers and third-party suppliers and vendors. We identify how leaks occurred, whether they are new, and the scope of damage, so that you can take appropriate action.

Details
Malware Intelligence

Actively track weaponized and productionized threats that could cause security breaches, revenue loss, and customer harm. Gain real-time monitoring of malware activity and command and control infrastructures that’s paired with targeted human analysis. Tap Intel 471’s stream of technical indicators, campaign reporting and deep technical insights on top malware families to harden your defenses against the latest threats.

Details
Vulnerability Intelligence

Evolve your vulnerability management and program by prioritizing your patch management program. Intel 471 provides you with a lifecycle view of vulnerabilities, including weaponized and productionized threats. You gain ongoing monitoring and reporting of key vulnerabilities, prioritized by risk and impact. You can use insights to understand how threats are changing, prioritize patches, and reduce your risks over time.

Details
Marketplace Intelligence

Marketplace Intelligence offers insights into the most important and active underground marketplaces.

Details
SECURING A SAFER FUTURE
Intel 471 is at the heart of the global intelligence industry providing unmatched analysis, data, and real-world solutions.
Read our story
Sign up for our Executive Intel Update

Stay informed with our weekly executive update, sending you the latest news and timely data on the threats, risks, and regulations affecting your organization.

Sign Up Today

Whether scaling your cybersecurity presence or starting to build your team, we help you fight cyber threats.

Meet with an expert
+1 (800) 833-1471
Company
Leadership
Careers
News & Press
Contact Us
Resources
Data Sheets
Webinars On-Demand
White Papers
Platform
Adversary Intelligence
Credential Intelligence
Malware Intelligence
Vulnerability Intelligence
Marketplace Intelligence
Solutions
Vulnerability Monitoring
Attack Surface Protection
Incident Response
Compromised Credential Monitoring
Threat Hunting
© 2024 Intel471  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Service  |  End User Agreement  |  Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement

===== Scraped from: https://morphisec.com =====

Recent Webinar: Building an Adaptive Cyber Resilient Cloud
Support
Partners
Under Attack?
Products
Solutions
Company
Resources
Anti-Ransomware Assurance
Adapt, Protect, Defend

Diminish the blast radius of ransomware attacks by preemptively reducing exposure to risk, and proactively preventing attacks at multiple phases, from early infiltration to safeguarding systems when ransomware attempts to execute.  

NEW
RELEASE:
August 2024
Hype Cycle for Endpoint & Workspace Security, 2024
30% of Attacks Bypass EDR & NGAV

Stop attacks others don’t and slash false positives. No performance impact, no additional staff

Adaptive Exposure Management
Infiltration Protection Powered by AMTD
Ransomware Impact Protection
Incident Response Services
Securing
7,000+ Customers
4.9
4.6
4.6
What is Automated Moving Target Defense?

AMTD leverages polymorphism in memory to lead attackers astray. The result? Greater security, fewer false positives, and improved operational efficiency.

Prevention-First Security to STOP undetectable attacks where others don’t
Use Cases
Threat Exposure Management
Anti-Ransomware
Close Security Gaps
Compatibility With Any EDR
Legacy Systems Security
Your Attack Surface Grows - Your Risk Shouldn't

Companies are adopting third-party software and adding endpoints at a faster rate than ever, which is also expanding your attack surfaces at a faster rate than ever. The Morphisec Advanced Exposure Management and Anti-Ransomware Assurance capabilities allow you to block novel attacks and manage these new frontiers at scale, with ease. This means safer environments, saved time, and reduced costs.

I have absolutely without a doubt seen ROI. It's the cost savings compared to other products, the performance of the product, and the amount of time saved by my team on issues that were happening before we installed Morphisec and utilized their product.”

Sr. IT Architect
Manufacturing Company
Zero-Day Attacks We’ve Stopped
Akira Ransomware
MGM Resorts Attack
Chae$ Malware
Market Proven
7,000+

Protected Companies

9M+

Protected Endpoints

30,000+

Attacks Addressed Daily

Impact Delivered
10x

More Secure

95%

Fewer False Positives

2.3x

ROI

Testimonials
Dale Slawinski

Principal Security Architect
TruGreen

"Before switching to Morphisec, our biggest issue was the weight of the agents we were using. It took seven agents to accomplish the same thing that we're doing with Morphisec with one.”

Dominic Parke

IT Manager
Financial Services Firm

"We have peace of mind knowing there is an additional layer of security protecting our endpoints. Morphisec stops attacks without needing to know what type of threat it is."
Anonymous

IT Manager

Energy & Utilities Company

"We have seen Morphisec prevent attacks from a number of vector points that our traditional AV and NGAV did not prevent or even detect. Time and again Morphisec is able to stop attacks from gaining a foothold in our environment."

Anonymous

$250-500M
Financial Services Firm

"Morphisec has been a key layer in my enterprise's "Defense in-Depth" posture. The product shines during live 3rd party pen-test reviews and Morphisec's support is second to none."

Tom Merkle

CIO
Houston Eye Associaties

Diminish the blast radius of ransomware attacks by preemptively reducing exposure to risk, and proactively preventing attacks at multiple phases, from early infiltration to safeguarding systems when ransomware attempts to execute.

Jeff Magnuson

Sr. IT Architect
Yaskawa Motoman Robotics

"Morphisec has absolutely worked flawlessly. We have had basically no issues, either with the product or with any type of virus or zero-day attacks, ransomware nothing. It just works."
Rick Schibler

VP of IT
Kentucky Trailer

"Morphisec stops in-memory attacks dead. It works. We had a ransomware attack on one of our small acquisitions and it wasn't successful. We tested those same attacks afterward using Morphisec, and it stopped it cold."

Dale Slawinski

Principal Security Architect
TruGreen

"Before switching to Morphisec, our biggest issue was the weight of the agents we were using. It took seven agents to accomplish the same thing that we're doing with Morphisec with one.”

Dominic Parke

IT Manager
Financial Services Firm

"We have peace of mind knowing there is an additional layer of security protecting our endpoints. Morphisec stops attacks without needing to know what type of threat it is."
Anonymous

IT Manager

Energy & Utilities Company

"We have seen Morphisec prevent attacks from a number of vector points that our traditional AV and NGAV did not prevent or even detect. Time and again Morphisec is able to stop attacks from gaining a foothold in our environment."

Anonymous

$250-500M
Financial Services Firm

"Morphisec has been a key layer in my enterprise's "Defense in-Depth" posture. The product shines during live 3rd party pen-test reviews and Morphisec's support is second to none."

Tom Merkle

CIO
Houston Eye Associaties

Diminish the blast radius of ransomware attacks by preemptively reducing exposure to risk, and proactively preventing attacks at multiple phases, from early infiltration to safeguarding systems when ransomware attempts to execute.

Jeff Magnuson

Sr. IT Architect
Yaskawa Motoman Robotics

"Morphisec has absolutely worked flawlessly. We have had basically no issues, either with the product or with any type of virus or zero-day attacks, ransomware nothing. It just works."
Rick Schibler

VP of IT
Kentucky Trailer

"Morphisec stops in-memory attacks dead. It works. We had a ransomware attack on one of our small acquisitions and it wasn't successful. We tested those same attacks afterward using Morphisec, and it stopped it cold."

Dale Slawinski

Principal Security Architect
TruGreen

"Before switching to Morphisec, our biggest issue was the weight of the agents we were using. It took seven agents to accomplish the same thing that we're doing with Morphisec with one.”

Dominic Parke

IT Manager
Financial Services Firm

"We have peace of mind knowing there is an additional layer of security protecting our endpoints. Morphisec stops attacks without needing to know what type of threat it is."
Anonymous

IT Manager

Energy & Utilities Company

"We have seen Morphisec prevent attacks from a number of vector points that our traditional AV and NGAV did not prevent or even detect. Time and again Morphisec is able to stop attacks from gaining a foothold in our environment."

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Additional Resources
Motorola's CISO Talks About MTD
Hear Motorola CISO Richard Rushing explain Moving Target Defense in under two minutes.
Watch the video
Moving Target Defense + Zero Trust
Read our guide to the Ultimate Ransomware Strategy to learn how to leverage Moving Target Defense to combat ransomware.
Hear From Morphisec Customers
Head over to the Customer Corner to read 3rd party reviews, watch interviews, and read case studies from our customers.
Get improved visibility and Automated Moving Target Defense to prevent ransomware, zero-days, & more.
Products
Product Overview
Morphisec for Windows Endpoints
Morphisec for Windows Servers & Workloads
Morphisec for Linux Server Protection
Morphisec Vulnerability Visibility & Prioritization
Incident Response Services
About Moving Target Defense
Solutions By Industry
Banking & Finance
Hedge Funds
Healthcare
Technology
Manufacturing
Legal
K-12 Education
SMB
Solutions by Use Case
Microsoft Defender for Endpoint
Microsoft Defender AV
Virtual Desktop Protection
Ransomware Protection
Supply Chain Attack Protection
Cloud Workload Protection
Remote Employee Security
Virtual Patching & Compliance
Browser Attack Protection
Company
About Us
News & Events
Careers
Blog
Support
Partners
Contact Us
Privacy & Legal
Contact Sales
Inquire via Azure
  
© 2024 Morphisec Ltd. | All rights reserved

===== Scraped from: https://payplug.com =====

Why Payplug ?
Products
Case studies
Pricing
Resources
About us
Login
Sign up
Unified payments to power your commerce

Watch the video
Learn more
360° expertise in payments
Conversion and operational efficiency levers
Personalised support
A unique payment solution
for your online and in-store sales

We support your growth strategy, through all your sales channels.

Find out more

Payplug is part of Groupe BPCE, working with Visa to provide the ticketing payment system for the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games.

Online payment:
maximise your acceptance rate

Payment methods expected by your customers
Conversion-oriented features
Granular fraud management
Boosted authorisation
Learn more

In-store payment:
simplify your organisation

Centralised view of online and in-store flows
Unified accounting reports
Easy integration with your cash register
Tap to Pay on iPhone
Learn more

Leverage our ecosystem of over 800 partners

Discover our partners
Start with Payplug
Sign up
Company
Contact us
Why Payplug?
About us
Partners
Jobs
Press
Products
Online payment
In-store payment
Omnichannel payment
Pay by Link
Modules and integrations
Pricing
Payment data
Fraud management
Resources
Blog
Contents
Support
Technical documentation
© 2024 Payplug, All rights reserved.
Terms of use
Legal
Privacy Policy
Cookies

===== Scraped from: https://coretech.com =====

GroupHomeAboutServicesContact
Enterprise IT Services

Bringing together innovative technology solutions and IT talent

Selected Clients
Your IT infrastructure is crucial to business success.

Your end users need maximum productivity. Your network needs perpetual availability. Your software needs to be completely bug-free. Your e-mail and operating systems need reliability and security. Supporting your complex IT environment is a challenge—and you need a flexible partner who can understand your unique needs and provide you with real technology solutions and IT services.

CoreTech Solutions can be that partner. We offer a broad range of on-site and off-site technology solutions and IT services. Our method is simple: we focus on you so that we may deliver flexible and affordable solutions that meet and exceed your technology and business requirements.  We bring technology solutions and talent together through a customized mix of discrete, partial and comprehensive outsourcing. By leveraging our access to quality technical resources and proven IT best practices, CoreTech Solutions provides best-in-class technology solutions customized to your business environment.

PC Refresh
Software Pushes
Service Help Desk
Printing Services
Contact Us

A Magic Group Company (NASDAQ:MGIC)

© Copyright Coretech Consulting 2020, All rights Reserved.

===== Scraped from: https://stratixsystems.com =====

Skip to content
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT & LOCATIONS
CAREERS
BLOG

IT CLIENT PORTAL
IMAGING CLIENT PORTAL
OUR SERVICES

Stratix Systens Technology solutions
A Full Suite of Effective Cybersecurity and Compliance Services

Multi-layer protection to prevent cyber threats from damaging your network, applications, data, and confidential information.

Learn More
Stratix Systens Technology solutions
Nobody knows Technology Solutions like Stratix Systems

Whatever your technology needs, Stratix Systems has the people, the technologies, the expertise and the experience to deliver the solutions and support you rely on.

Learn More
VPN
Remote access VPN is the smartest way to stay connected

Stratix Systems can set up your organization with a secure VPN for remote access.

Learn More
RFG Circle of Excellence
Stratix Systems has been named a Ricoh RFG Circle of Excellence Certified Dealership —five years in a row
Learn More
Elite Dealer 2019
For the 11th time, Stratix Systems has been recognized as an Elite Dealer by ENX Magazine
Learn More
Inc 5000
Stratix Systems named one of the Inc 5000 Fastest Growing Companies
Learn More
EDS
Excel Document Solutions
is now part of Stratix Systems.

Same people. Same commitment to service. More resources and options.

Learn More
EBS
Excel Business Systems
is now part of Stratix Systems.

Same people. Same commitment to service. More resources and options.

Learn More
Cost savings that go right to your bottom line

Technology, like a business, is ever changing. Small to enterprise-level businesses rely on IT functions to keep their business running smoothly. Stratix Systems provides technology solutions that allow organizations to focus on their business, rather than their systems. We will help you build a technology roadmap to help your organization develop a cost-effective and productive infrastructure.

MANAGED
IT

From network and server disaster recovery to network security to full-service information technology implementations and integrations, Stratix Systems has the people and the experience to deliver enterprise level IT services for small and medium-sized organizations.

Learn More
CYBER
SECURITY

You can trust our highlyskilled team to provide a secure and dependable information Technology experience so that you can focus on your business, while we focus on your IT.

Learn More
SUPPORT

Downtime is unproductive. It has bottom-line impact. Stratix Systems is here to help.

Learn More
Work smarter and be more productive with Stratix Systems

At Stratix Systems, we provide our clients’ businesses with solutions to maintain vital information technology systems, securely manage their paper and digital information and empower them with leading printing technologies.

Learn More
DOCUMENT
MANAGEMENT

Stratix Systems delivers a wide range of document and content management services to clients throughout Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Our goal is to help you manage your critical documents and information as effectively as possible.

Learn More
IMAGING
& PRINTING

Every day, thousands of organizations throughout Pennsylvania and New Jersey rely on our services to improve productivity, streamline operations and reduce their costs. Whatever your need for imaging and printing solutions, you can count on Stratix Systems.

Learn More
CAREERS

Join the Stratix Systems family and be part of a vibrant people-driven culture that supports and welcomes your desire for impact.

Learn More
Our trusted technology partners

Strategic technology partnerships are vital to not only Stratix Systems’ success, but most importantly, to the success of our clients. We maintain long-standing affiliations with many of the world’s leading hardware, software, and technology services organizations, which allows us to enhance the capability and value of our best of breed solutions.

Learn More
WHY PARTNER WITH STRATIX SYSTEMS

Custom services for an ever-changing business environment.

Since its founding in 1970, Stratix Systems has provided businesses with equipment and services tailored to meet their needs. Over time, Stratix Systems has continued to evolve its offerings to ensure that our clients operate at peak productivity in an ever-evolving business climate. Today, Stratix Systems services include managed IT, process automation, and leading printing technologies.

Stratix Systems Mission and Performance Promise:

Absolute guaranteed consistency and reliability. Every time. Or we’ll make it right.

100% customer satisfaction
Technology that exceeds our clients’ expectations
An environment where employees can achieve their personal and professional goals within a dynamic, profitable organization
Every solution Stratix Systems offers is backed by our We Make It Right Guarantee:

If you are not happy with our equipment, service, supplies, billing – or anything at all – let us know, and we will make it right, right away.

Contact Us
Resources
My Stratix Managed IT Client Portal
Support Request
Remote Support
My Stratix Imaging Client Portal
Service Request
Supply Request
Blog
Careers
Contact
Recent Posts
5 Things to Look for in a Small Business Printer
September 18, 2024
In Need of 24/7 Surveillance?
June 25, 2024
Fighting Back Against Hackers
May 23, 2024
Corporate Headquarters

200 North Park Road
Wyomissing, PA 19610
P: 610-374-1936
F: 610-375-1957
E: support@stratixsystems.com

© Stratix Systems | Privacy Policy | Sitemap

Stratix Systems Employee Sign-In

We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website, by analyzing information to enhance and customize content. To find out more visit the cookies section of our Privacy Policy.
Close

===== Scraped from: https://crayondata.com =====

Platform
AI-Led Solutions
Industries
Explore
Concepts
AI Community
Company
Enquire Now
Jumpstart Your AI Revolution
Accelerate your revenue flywheels and unlock the value of your data with Crayon Data’s full-stack, AI-native platform. Leverage our deep expertise in external data and machine learning to elevate your data solutions and customer lifecycle management.
HEAR FROM OUR CLIENTS
We Make Enterprise Data Simple
A global leader in B2B AI solutions, Crayon Data’s cutting-edge technology and AI expertise has revolutionized how enterprises compete in the digital age.
UNDERSTAND ENTERPRISE AI
Move Beyond
One-Size-Fits-All Approaches
With an international footprint and deep understanding of regional markets, Crayon Data brings a unique blend of global expertise and local insight. Regardless of your level of data maturity, we personalize our B2B AI solutions to suit your unique needs.
Full-Stack Platform: Flexible, Scalable, Secure
Our flagship platform, maya.ai, is formed of building blocks that allow businesses of any level of maturity to implement AI solutions to unlock the value of their data, drive revenue flywheels, and eliminate data redundancies.
Drive Value Through
Personalized
Customer Experiences
Deeper Customer
Engagement
Accelerated Lead
Acquisition
Increased Customer
Lifetime Value
Strengthened
Data Collaboration
Reduced
Time-To-Insight
Accelerated
Decision Making
Unlocked
Cost Savings
EXPLORE OUR STORE
Solutions
Our
Industry Solutions~
Consumer Banking
Increase customer lifecycle value with AI-led cross/up-sell models and personalized marketplaces. Take back control of your data with AI-led monitoring and optimization
Learn more
Travel
Win a larger share of travel spends with end-to-end personalized itineraries, concierge services, and contextual recommendations for flights, hotels, dining, activities, and more
Learn more
Digital Payments
Launch digital wallets with speed and ease. Drive customer engagement and revenue margins through AI-led insights and upsell
Learn more
Consumer Products
Transform your influencer marketing strategy with an AI-powered platform for optimizing influencer targeting and campaign management
Learn more
Where Possibilities Meet Solutions
Delivering delightful customer experiences around the globe
53 Mn

Customers Onboarded

7 Mn

Merchants Onboarded

$80Bn

Portfolio Size

3Bn

Total Transactions

$5Bn

Incremental Spends Driven

<30%

Time to Launch AI Solutions

Pioneering innovation and excellence in Data and AI since 2012
PATENTS
AWARDS
Method and system for automating tailored recommendations for business prospects
Method and system for recommending limited choices which are personalized and highly relevant for each customer
Method and system for calculating the affinity between two entities in an electrical circuit model as an analogy for entity relationship mapping
Join the AI Revolution
Whether you're a visionary enterprise, a dynamic startup, or just passionate about data, our AI-driven solutions are tailored to propel you toward success.
SPEAK TO OUR AI EXPERTS
Ways to Get Started
EXPLORE PLATFORM
EXPLORE USE CASES
AI-led revenue acceleration platform for enterprises
Life at Crayon
Join Us
Our Values
Office Location

Singapore  |  India  |  Dubai

Contact Us

Crayon Data Pte Ltd

18 Cross Street, #02-101 
Singapore 048423

Crayon Data India Pvt Ltd

5th Floor, Module 53 & 51, Software Block, Elnet Software City, TS 140, Block 2&9, Rajiv Gandhi Road, Taramani, Chennai – 600 113 Tamil Nadu, India

© 2024 Crayon Data Pvt Ltd.  All Rights Reserved

PRIVACY POLICY   | COOKIE POLICY    | TERMS OF USE   | SECURITY

===== Scraped from: https://medium.com =====

Our story

Membership

Write

Sign in

Get started
Human
stories & ideas
A place to read, write, and deepen your understanding
Start reading

Help

Status

About

Careers

Press

Blog

Privacy

Terms

Text to speech

Teams

===== Scraped from: https://gridinsoft.com =====

PRODUCTS
Gridinsoft Anti-malware
Trojan Killer Portable
Android Trojan Scanner
Free Online Virus Scanner
Gridinsoft Inspector API
Comparison
Release History
Reviews
CYBERSECURITY
⇢ What is Doxing?
⇢ What is Adware?
⇢ What is Botnet?
⇢ What is Mimikatz?
🕮 Spyware & Stealers
🕮 OSINT Tools
BLOGS
📰 Security News
Tips & Tricks
Mobile Security
🔬 Gridinsoft Security Lab
HELP
Gridinsoft Anti-malware
Trojan Killer
Android Trojan Scanner
Contact Us
MEMBER AREA
DOWNLOAD NOW
CYBERSECURITY
BLOGS
HELP
MEMBER AREA
KEEP YOUR PRIVACY SECURE

Gridinsoft develop versatile security solutions, including services, tools, and cybersecurity API, tailored for diverse computer system threats. We also partner with leading cybersecurity vendors worldwide.

☑ GATHERING AND SORTING INFORMATION ON NEW AND EMERGING THREATS.
☑ EXPLORING WAYS TO DETECT THIRD-PARTY INTERFERENCE IN COMPUTER OPERATIONS.
GRIDINSOFT
16 years of experience
Get started with our software
Being Online is more responsive than you guess
4.5 billion people

now using internet worldwide

over 1.7 billion websites

on the world wide web today

1 in 13 web requests

lead to malware

every 39 seconds

there is a new attack somewhere on the network. This is almost 2250 times a day.

90%

of remote code execution attacks are associated with cryptomining

56%

of Americans don't know what steps to take in the event of a data breach

86%

of attacks in 2023 had a financial gain as the primary motivation

64%

of internet users have never checked to see if they were affected by a data breach

GRIDINSOFT
ABOUT US

For the last 12 years, we have been researching online threats and developing programs that can effectively eliminate them. We understand well that the greatest danger is the threat to your privacy, so we provide the most efficient tools to prevent it.

What do we create?
We implement technologies to provide the best service to our customers.
Gridinsoft Scan24 Engine

Gridinsoft Scan24 Engine is a powerful tool designed to detect a wide range of threats reliably and consistently. Our unique core technology focuses on thorough monitoring and scanning. Our team of analysts actively collects, classifies, and updates our threat database with new threats. Simultaneously, the Gridinsoft Scan24 Engine updates its processing and analysis methods. This ensures prompt and effective responses to new vulnerabilities, blocking suspicious processes in memory quickly.

Automated Research Lab

Since 2009, we have focused on building a highly skilled team of analysts as the core of our security projects. For over ten years, this team has developed tools and services to support daily network monitoring with the latest technologies and innovative approaches. We offer a comprehensive set of applications that work seamlessly together, enabling users to perform automated vulnerability scans of their web, mobile, and cloud applications from a single platform.

Advanced AI Detection

The Gridinsoft AI Notification Net (GANNet) harnesses cutting-edge AI technologies to boost its threat detection and response capabilities. By employing the latest advancements in artificial intelligence, GANNet adeptly pinpoints and classifies cybersecurity threats, offering immediate alerts and actionable insights. This AI-powered strategy keeps GANNet at the forefront of cybersecurity advancements, offering users a powerful defense against emerging vulnerabilities.

Heuristic Detection Protocols

Our heuristic detection protocols utilize embedded algorithms that integrate statistical and analytical methods to examine files and their components. These protocols apply specific rules combined with analytical techniques to enhance object scanning processes. While the results are not always definitive, they are sufficiently robust to identify potential threats, marking the samples as suspect and improving our overall threat detection capabilities.

Cloud-Enabled Scanning Solutions

One key benefit of our cloud-based scanning solutions is that they eliminate the need for frequent updates on your application. We keep our databases constantly updated, ensuring you always have the latest protection without the hassle. This flexibility enables us to quickly adopt new techniques and manage numerous software applications more effectively, improving our ability to respond to new threats.

Web Content Filtering

Gridinsoft Internet Security incorporates content filtering technology, delivering a solution for secure web browsing. It filters out inappropriate or dangerous IPs/domains while ensuring you have uninterrupted access to trusted sites. This system shields your daily online activities, optimizing processing speed, detection accuracy, and ease of use to guarantee a seamless and secure browsing experience.

What do we do?
We help non-tech-savvy Windows users get rid of malware. Our solutions are designed with simplicity in mind, allowing anyone to effectively safeguard their system without prior technical knowledge. We focus on providing straightforward, user-friendly interfaces that make security management accessible to everyone. Additionally, our support team is always ready to assist with any questions or problems, ensuring you can maintain a malware-free environment with ease.
1
Gather information about new threats:

We target all types of malicious software from viruses, hijackers and miners to potentially unwanted software and adware. Our Analyst Team collects data from all possible sources, sorts and classifies rough objects updating our Threat List every hour. You can receive it in a moment by launching any of our specially developed software.

2
Develop cybersecurity tools & solutions:

We develop applications for cleaning and protecting the computer’s system from cyber threats. It is important for us that interaction and feedback are top priorities. Our goal is to create multiple products with different sets of features that the user really needs.

3
Provide cybersecurity assistance:

We understand that each user has specific needs and issues. That's why we have our own Support Team available to contact at any time. They are able to analyze current issues and help to solve them quickly and effectively in contact with Analyst and Developer Teams.

4
Keep our services and agents up-to-date:

We support numerous services to keep users up-to-date with current threats: from cloud services for managing our current tasks and creating a machine-learning neural network to update servers, which always store newest databases and programs' copies as well as articles with unique information about rising and spreading threats.

Our products provide a direct way to cure malware on your PC, just as effectively as we have done previously.

The Internet is a wonderful place, increasingly relied upon in our daily lives. However, it also harbors dark corners where our data is at risk of exposure to cyber thieves.

We focus on a massive array of common privacy threats you are most likely to face: malicious software. Often spread through pop-ups or advertisements, this includes fake warnings or updates, specifically designed to infect your computer.

Let's begin at the point where we can assist you: cleaning your PC from malicious software.

The digital era emphasizes the importance of both internal and external privacy protection. Trends such as moving away from physical currency, the emergence of complete online ecosystems with shared data storage, and the deep integration of everyday life with online services that can track your activities make controlling data flow challenging. More fundamentally, the new digital world thrusts online users into the aggressive realm of internet marketers, often without equipping us with the basic knowledge needed to maintain privacy.

A Range of Solutions to Stay Protected

GridinSoft aims to tackle a variety of threats on Windows PCs, including malware, adware, and potentially unsafe programs. Take care of your computer and protect your privacy! We offers a way to get rid of unwanted programs in just a few clicks, instead of spending a long time searching for hidden processes. Additionally, get help from our security experts whenever you need it.

Malware Removal Tool

The malware removal tool you’ve been searching for. Engineered to detect and eliminate all threats, ensuring your system’s integrity and security.

Scan For Computer Virus

Detect and remove malicious software with ease. Our online tool scans deeply and effectively.

Virus Removal Tool

Our programs help to remove computer virus from Windows PC, providing robust defense mechanisms against virus intrusions.

Antivirus Engine

An average scan takes 7 minutes, brings to light 29 threats, and terminates 4 malicious processes. Is it really effective? Absolutely, with proven results and user trust.

Virus Protection

We are ready to propose different methods of protection tailored to meet your specific security needs.

Cybersecurity

We know the difference between adjuvant and harmful processes. Regular scanning of your computer for threats is not just advised; it's essential.

Antivirus Software

We create tools to let your PC breathe freely. Essential for scanning active processes, skilled in resetting browser settings, and efficient in blocking annoying inappropriate advertising, with an optional built-in scheduled scan for ongoing vigilance.

Confirmed Quality

OPSWAT MetaDefender Integration ensures top-tier security standards are met with each scan, providing you peace of mind.

Trojan Scanner for Android

Keep your phone healthy! Launch Trojan Scanner [Android Edition] whenever your device requires thorough scanning.

Trojan Killer for Windows

An effective antivirus tool for your memory stick. This ultimate cybersecurity solution, now portable, leaves no room for any cyber threats.

USB-friendly Antivirus Solution

For more secure: Trojan Killer is USB-friendly, allows for easy browser settings reset, and counters annoying ads effectively.

What is our software for?

We create tools that enable your PC to operate smoothly and 'breathe freely', free from the constraints of malware and other security threats.

To scan the Windows environment

We actively monitor and collect data on the latest security threats, analyzing popular applications to identify those that may pose a risk. Our team of security experts quickly responds to any potentially unsafe processes, devising strategies to eliminate them effectively.

To reset browser settings

If your browser is not functioning as expected, showing distorted or incorrect content, the problem might not be the browser itself but a hijacker altering its settings. Browser hijacking often changes search engine preferences and page appearances to push unwanted ads. Our software simplifies the restoration of your original browser settings, swiftly removing any unwanted modifications.

To stop annoying ads

Adware and other malicious programs can significantly alter your internet experience by modifying your connection and browser settings to serve annoying ads. Our antivirus tools are especially adept at restoring browser settings, eliminating intrusive advertisements and pop-ups effectively.

To schedule regular scans

Gridinsoft Antivirus enables you to schedule scans at your convenience. Configure it to operate while you're away from your device, and come back to a comprehensive report of any findings. This ensures your PC stays protected, even when you're not directly overseeing it.

Haven't Tried Anti-Malware Yet?

Download it now for a quick test. You’ll soon see why it’s essential. Our customers not only depend on it but frequently recommend it to others for its effectiveness and user-friendly interface.

Gridinsoft Anti-Malware

Will clean your PC.

It sweeps the malicious software and suspicious processes out of your system.

Download now

It does not matter whether you use a laptop or any PC — it works great everywhere. Now you can be aware of everything about the background processes, memory leaks, and annoying toolbars - there is somebody who can help right here.

PRIVACY
Why is it so important to check the system for vulnerabilities regularly?

After the initial setup of Windows, each of us wants to keep the system secure and private. It’s hard enough when you’re online, but it’s too much to give up on the internet altogether as it’s become such an integral part of our lives.

TEMU ALLEGEDLY HACKED, DATA PUT ON SALE ON THE DARKNET
Learn more ->
CRITICAL VMWARE VCENTER SERVER RCE VULNERABILITY FIXED
Learn more ->
AMAZON PRIME DAY SCAMS AND FAKE AMAZON WEBSITES
Learn more ->
CRYPTO RECOVERY SERVICES
Learn more ->
ADS(EXE).FINACETRACK(2).DLL VIRUS EXPLAINED
Learn more ->
CHASE BANK GLITCH: FAST EARNING SCHEME EXPLAINED
Learn more ->
CRITICAL RCE VULNERABILITY IN GIVEWP WORDPRESS PLUGIN
Learn more ->
GOOGLE PIXEL DEVICES SHIPPED WITH VULNERABLE APP
Learn more ->
If you still have any questions or offers, send your letters to our support manager: support@gridinsoft.com
 
Send
OUR PRODUCTS
Anti-Malware
Trojan Killer Portable
Free Trojan Scanner for Android
URL Scanner
Cybersecurity API
Gridinsoft Review
SOLUTIONS
Adware Removal Tool
Keylogger Removal Tool
Malicious Software Removal Tool
Anti-Ransomware
Anti-Spyware
Trojan Scanner for Windows
Virus Removal Tool
GLOSSARY
Fake Virus Alert
AutoKMS HackTool
Cobalt Strike
CoinMiner
STOP Djvu
Floxif Virus
Remcos
FusionCore
Trojan Wacatac
PUA InstallCore
Neshta Virus
PUA OfferCore
PUABundler
Trojan.Agent
MEMBER AREA
Sign In
COMPANY
Careers
Blog
Ukraine, 03194, Kyiv
Lesya Kurbasa Avenue, 7B
We use cookies. Cookies help us deliver the best experience on our website. By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies.
Accept
Copyright ©2003-2024, Gridinsoft LLC. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
How we use your data
EULA
Back to top

===== Scraped from: https://securin.io =====

PRODUCTS
SERVICES
USE CASES
PARTNERS
RESOURCES
ABOUT
Login to Securin
Continuously Improve Your Security Posture
Securin Wins 3 Cybersecurity Excellence Awards

Securin’s proactive security platform wins Cybersecurity Excellence Awards for attack surface management, risk management and threat intelligence.

PRESS RELEASE
Level Up Your Security with Securin!

Continuously strengthen your security posture with Securin.
Enable your security team with our automation, intelligence, & expertise.

It's Time to Take Control of Your Security!
A Proactive Security Solution

Get early warning alerts about evolving threats with a proactive security strategy.

GET ALERTS
You Need More than Security Tools

Take timely action with a partner that understands your technical environment & security needs.

TAKE ACTION
Reduce Your Attack Surface

Continuously improve your security posture by reducing dangerous exposures.

BE SECURE
Why Play Catch Up When You Can Predict the Next Attack?

You have a dedicated team at your service, ready to turn your cybersecurity threats into cybersecurity opportunities. Our consolidated approach provides coverage from existing and evolving threats  through a predictive and proactive defense driven by data, intelligence, and human expertise.

Improve Security Posture
Attack Surface Management
LEARN MORE
Proactively Patch Exposures
Vulnerability Intelligence
LEARN MORE
Manage Risks & Exposures
Vulnerability Management
LEARN MORE
Test Your Security Defenses
Penetration Testing
LEARN MORE
Why Companies Trust Us
Some of Our Customers
What Our Customers are Saying

"Hunt or be hunted - at Samba Safety, we made an intentional decision to take an offensive approach to our cybersecurity program. Our partnership with Securin not only helped us gain technical efficiencies, but also the threat context and guidance to sustainably strengthening our cybersecurity posture"

Ty Hollins
Samba Safety - Director of Information Security

"We were really impressed with Securin's active involvement and demonstrating domain expertise in cybersecurity not just performing IT compliance."

Shaosu Liu
Loop - Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer
Ready to Level Up?
Now that you’re ready to accelerate your security program, let’s put you in touch with one of our experts!

Securin helps leaders continuously improve their security posture. We work as an extension of your team to better protect your organization.

Privacy Policy | Customer Agreements
Contact
2440 Louisiana Blvd NE #560, Albuquerque, NM 87110
505-302-1113
info@securin.io
Security Solutions
Attack Surface Management
Vulnerability Intelligence
Vulnerability Management
Penetration Testing
Resource Center
Zero Days
Articles
Patch Watch
    
© Copyright 2024 Securin All Rights Reserved

===== Scraped from: https://rsisecurity.com =====

Press Alt+1 for screen-reader mode, Alt+0 to cancel
Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting
Skip to content
Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on LinkedIn
(858) 999-3030
HOME
COMPLIANCE
SERVICES
ABOUT
RESOURCES
BLOG
CONTACT US

Full 1
Rethinking Your
Cybersecurity

We Will Protect Only What We Love, We Will Love Only What We Understand,
And We Will Understand Only What We Are Taught.

Request a FREE Consultation
Full 1
Managed Security
Services

Let RSI Security relieve the burden of security monitoring off your team today.

Request a FREE Consultation
Full 1
PCI Compliance
Services

RSI Security will help you get through the compliance process in an efficient and
thorough manner, leaving you with the peace of mind that your data is secure and,
more importantly, that your customers' data is secure.

Request a FREE Consultation
Full 1
HIPAA Compliance
Services

Start taking steps now to ensure your HIPAA/HITECH Compliance is up-to-date and avoid
costly data-breach-related litigation and damage to business reputation.

Request a FREE Consultation
Full 1
Virtual CISO
Services

RSI Security’s virtual CISO consulting model ensures that all businesses
have access to executive cybersecurity expertise, anytime, anywhere.

Request a FREE Consultation
Full 1
CMMC Compliance
Services

CMMC advisory services are designed to help organizations navigate the challenges of scoping,
implementation, and assessment to facilitate seamless DoD compliance.

Request a FREE Consultation

Trusted by over 1000 organizations across the country

Your Cybersecurity Partner

RSI Security is the nation's premier compliance and cybersecurity provider dedicated to helping organizations achieve cybersecurity risk management success. We are here to help you mitigate risk and protect your data. We work with some of the world's leading companies, institutions, and governments to ensure the safety of their information and their compliance with applicable regulations.

Request a FREE Consultation
OUR SERVICES
Compliance Advisory Services

We help your organization seamlessly achieve compliance including PCI, DSS, HIPAA, HITRUST, CCPA, GDPR, NIST, NERC, SOC 2, EI3PA, and more.

READ MORE
Managed Security Services

Offering a systematic approach to implementing and managing the IT and security of your company's data, assets, network, and devices.

READ MORE
Penetration Testing Services

RSI Security's cybersecurity penetration testing services put you inside the heads of hackers so you're one step ahead of them.

READ MORE
Cloud Computing Security Services

RSI Security helps you develop a cloud security plan that covers your entire organization and partner network while aligning seamlessly with your strategic business goals.

READ MORE
241,092

Incident Cases Closed

3,000+

Completed Security Assesments

8,166

Systems Being Monitored

750+

Completed Vulnerability Assessments

Get your free cyber risk report today to have your network vulnerability, web vulnerability, and dark web threats checked.
Start Here
Rethinking Your Cybersecurity

By choosing RSI Security, you can rest assured that you're selecting the best cybersecurity consulting firm for your data security needs. Our clients have confidence knowing they are supported by one of the top cybersecurity service providers. With a unique blend of software-based automation and managed services. RSI Security can assist all sizes of organizations in managing IT governance, risk management, and compliance efforts (GRC). For more information on our risk assessment and protection services, give our consultants a call today.

Request a FREE Consultation
TESTIMONIALS
What our clients are saying
Peter Ripa
CEO of Century Club of San Diego Farmers Insurance Open

"We were looking for an IT partner who was both an ASV and QSA vendor with a long-term view of out organization's growing security needs. We were very pleased with the overall experience. I can sleep a little easier at night."

Dan Poloche
Director of Security and Compliance Fattmerchant

"RSI Security is a great QSA for advanced service providers that leverage technology such as tokenization. First time PCI Level 1 service providers would also benefit from their knowledge and personalized approach."

John Sterbinsky
Owner of a tax preparation company San Diego

"I was recommended to RSI Security by a fellow financial advisor. Their service was personal, quick, and thorough. I would recommend them to my financial colleagues."

Certifications
LATEST
Case Studies
Epic Games Case Study

Prior to our partnership, we were ready for PCI compliance to be a daunting challenge. However, after working with RSI Security, everything about the process has been as efficient and painless as possible. We’ve turned a potential weakness into a strength overnight.

READ MORE
Macomb Community College Case Study

Any college has quite a few departments, who are often not on the same page when it comes to IT or security. RSI Security met with vendors, partners, and internal staff and made sure everyone understood what needed to happen and how to make it happen.

READ MORE
Lumistry Case Study

“Everything about the certification process was seamless, from preparation through the actual assessment. We’re looking forward to a continued partnership with RSI Security.”

READ MORE
Tilly’s Case Study

“RSI Security helped us get policies and procedures ready, set us up to gather the evidence we needed, and then facilitated every step of the PCI assessment.”

READ MORE
Power Digital Case Study

“Constant communication. Weekly meetings. Went out of their way to be minimally intrusive to our business.”

READ MORE
Meltmedia Case Study

“RSI Security was the best conversation, had the most appropriate pricing, and was just the right amount of invasiveness for our organization.”

READ MORE
WorkWave Case Study

“We didn’t really have a ton of experience in payments compliance, But the RSI Security team was always patient with us, explaining what we needed. It really felt like they were along with us at every step to make sure we were successful.”

READ MORE
Finix Case Study

“With RSI Security, we feel like a valued client, not just another name in a book of customers. And that means a lot, especially when working with a small, but growing, company like Finix.”

READ MORE
CUSTOMERS
Organizations that trust RSI Security
Want to learn more about increasing your cybersecurity and ensuring you're compliant?
REQUEST A FREE CONSULTATION
	

San Diego, CA - Headquarters

10531 4s Commons Dr. Suite 527,
San Diego, CA 92127

	

(858) 999-3030

	

(858) 225-6910

	

info@rsisecurity.com

	

Irvine, CA - Satellite Office

	

(858) 999-3030

	

info@rsisecurity.com

	

Dallas, TX - Satellite Office

2600 E Southlake Blvd. Suite 312,
Southlake, TX 76092

	

(858) 999-3030

	

info@rsisecurity.com

Important Links
ABOUT
CONTACT
COMPLIANCE
SERVICES
RESOURCES
REQUEST A DEMO
한국어
Subscribe to our Newsletter and Threat Advisory
Visit us on Facebook
 
Visit us on Twitter
 
Visit us on LinkedIn
 
Visit us on Instagram
 
Visit us on YouYube
Section 508 accessibility standards at 36 CFR 1194

© 2024 RSI Security. All Rights Reserved | Privacy | Sitemap

===== Scraped from: https://itgovernance.co.uk =====

ACCOUNT
 BASKET
 UNITED KINGDOM 
£ GBP
SHOP
DATA PRIVACY
CYBER SECURITY
TRAINING
STAFF AWARENESS
CONSULTANCY
SECURITY TESTING
TOOLS
Save 25% on selected auditor training courses. Find out how  
Transitioning to ISO 27001:2022?
The clock is ticking. Update your ISMS with the world’s ISO 27001 experts. 
Get started
LEARN FOR LESS
Save 25% on selected auditor training courses.
Get certified with us
CyberComply
Start automating your journey towards regulatory compliance today
Find out how
Looking for a DPO?
Optimise your resources and improve GDPR compliance by outsourcing
a cost-effective solution for safeguarding your data
Find out more
Advance your ISO 27001:2022 journey with the experts
Reduce risks – Secure systems – Strengthen your future
Act now
TRAIN YOUR TEAM
Book 5 training course places to unlock exceptional value.
Leverage your budget
1
2
3
4
5
6
Data Privacy
ISO 27001
Cyber security
Security testing
Why IT Governance is a trusted provider

When it comes to protecting your data, you’re in safe hands. We’re at the forefront of cyber security and data protection – our management team led the world’s first ISO 27001 certification project. Today, we’re proud to say that we’ve helped more than 800 organisations successfully prepare for ISO 27001 certification.

Our passion is helping organisations protect themselves, their customers and their data from the ever-evolving threats of the digital world – whether through consultancy, toolkits, training, management system standards or penetration testing. Our mission is to help you safeguard your organisation through cost-effective solutions designed by experts. We’re a leading provider of cyber risk and privacy management solutions, and have built a strong global presence with our deep technical expertise and proven track record.

Our comprehensive range of end-to-end solutions, combined with years of experience implementing fit-for-purpose solutions and assisting organisations to achieve regulatory compliance, means we can support you throughout your project.

IT Governance solutions
Training
Consultancy
E-learning & staff awareness
Toolkits
Compliance tools
Standards
 
Looking for help with your implementation or compliance project? You’ve come to the right place. 

Redefine how you manage cyber security and privacy risk. We can help you make the right choices and implement the best possible solutions for your budget and business needs.
Our wealth of practical experience designing and implementing management systems, along with our wide range of end-to-end solutions, means we can help you throughout your project – whatever stage you’re at. Browse our range of industry-leading software, books and toolkits or develop your knowledge and skills through our training and staff awareness courses.

Become an IT Governance channel partner

Join more than 350 organisations that have signed up to our partner programme and discover how we can help you boost sales and improve customer retention.

Find out more
Shop our latest bestsellers
Previous

Certified ISO 27001:2022 ISMS Lead Implementer Training Course

Certified ISO 27001:2022 ISMS Lead Auditor Training Course

ISO 27001 Toolkit

Making a Success of Managing and Working Remotely

Cyber Security as a Service

Privacy as a Service

Certified GDPR Foundation Training Course

Certified GDPR Practitioner Training Course

Cyber Essentials Certification

Complete Staff Awareness E-learning Suite

ISO/IEC 27001:2022 – An introduction to information security and the ISMS standard

Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) Training Course

Certified GDPR Foundation Self-Paced Online Training Course

Certified GDPR Practitioner Self-Paced Online Training Course

Certified ISO 27001:2022 ISMS Lead Implementer Training Course

Certified ISO 27001:2022 ISMS Lead Auditor Training Course

ISO 27001 Toolkit

Making a Success of Managing and Working Remotely

Cyber Security as a Service

Privacy as a Service

Certified GDPR Foundation Training Course

Certified GDPR Practitioner Training Course

Next
As trusted by
     
Weekly Round-up

Keeping you informed on the move

FREE
RESOURCES

Resource hub
Cyber security resources
Data privacy resources
ISO 27001 resources
IT Governance blog
Email preference centre
Security Spotlight newsletter

CORPORATE
INFORMATION

COVID-19
About us
Affiliate programme
Become an IT Governance partner
Careers - Join our team
Clients
Events
Press releases

DELIVERY, RETURNS
AND PAYMENT

Adobe e-book FAQs
Fulfilment FAQs
Payment options
Purchase store credit
Returns
Shipping
View all FAQs

CUSTOMER
SERVICE

Contact us
Leave a review
Apply for a corporate account
CyberComply portal
GRC eLearning platform
DocumentKits platform
Cyber Essentials FAQs
E-learning FAQs
Training FAQs

TERMS AND
CONDITIONS

Acceptable use policy
Cookie policy
Customer Care Policy
Environment and Sustainability Policy
GRC International Group PLC End-User Software Agreement
Terms for buying goods and services
Terms and conditions of website use
Promotion terms and conditions
Privacy notice
    
© 2003-2024 IT Governance Ltd | Acknowledgement of Copyrights | IT Governance Trademark Ownership Notification
SAVE 25%
ON AUDITOR
TRAINING

===== Scraped from: https://digitalguardian.com =====

Skip to main content
 
Fortra.com



INTERNATIONAL



SCHEDULE A DEMO
CONTACT US
Products
Solutions
Services
Resources
About
Pricing
Comprehensive DLP for Rapid Deployment and Results
powered by 

Our market-leading DLP, deployed via SaaS, gives you immediate visibility into your organization’s assets, blocking threats to your sensitive data before it’s lost.

SEE A DEMO The Definitive Guide to DLP

Compatible with 

Protect Critical Data and IP Wherever it Lives

Our industry-leading data protection solution shows you where your sensitive data is located, how it flows in your organization,
and where it is put at risk.

Data Loss Prevention
Locate, understand, and protect your sensitive data Comprehensive capabilities from discovery to monitoring to blocking Give soft and hard limits on allowed data actions, educating users while guarding against serious risk Market quadrant leading DLP
Learn More
Managed DLP
Let our security experts host, administer, and run your data security platform, so you can run your business Our team can help deliver instant expertise and best practices, all customized to your data protection environment Eliminates burden of staffing shortages in cybersecurity
Learn More
SaaS & Cloud Data Protection
Complete visibility to all hardware, software, data creation, data storage and data movement Dynamically defends against zero-day malware Simplified compliance solutions to maintain the visibility and control you need
Learn More
Secure Collaboration
Encrypt and control access to sensitive files wherever they go A Zero Trust approach to file sharing, collaboration with anyone – external or internal Confidently protect intellectual property, brand, trademark and asset data
Learn More
A trusted leader in the data protection field.
  
 
 
Market Quadrant Leading DLP
READ THE REPORT
 
GigaOm Radar for DLP
READ THE REPORT
Digital Guardian Secure Service Edge

As the workforce becomes more decentralized, with work-from-home and hybrid schedules becoming the norm, the need for cloud and SaaS applications has grown more than expected pre-pandemic.

Fortra has partnered with Lookout and their Cloud Security Platform to enhance the security coverage of Digital Guardian from endpoint to cloud, protecting our customers’ sensitive data throughout its lifecycle, at rest, in use, or in motion.

DLP for Immediate Visibility and On-Demand Scalability
See Results Quickly

Intuitive, out-of-the-box dashboards provide immediate visibility into threats and help identify data egress.

Greater Deployed Efficacy

Help lay the foundation for your organizations’ future operational security. Faster start-up speeds deployment and enables greater progress to solution maturity.

Protect Data

Discover, monitor, log, and block threats to your data with pre-built policies that can help you avoid gaps and comply with evolving regulatory changes.

Cross-Platform Coverage

Support for hybrid environments provides coverage for Windows, macOS, or Linux operating systems, browsers, and applications.

Interoperable

Digital Guardian operates with existing data classification tools to allow for granular policies and advanced detection, reducing false positives and adding context to data.

REQUEST A QUOTE
Best-in-Class DLP Platform

Intuitive dashboards, reporting and workflows.

Schedule a Demo
See how Digital Guardian can help protect 
your critical data wherever it lives.

SCHEDULE DEMO

Watch On-demand
No time for a full demo? 
Watch an on-demand recording anytime.

WATCH ON-DEMAND

What’s New at Digital Guardian
Featured
Webinar

CMMC 2.0 and the CUI Standard - What Is It and Is There an Easy Button?

In this webinar, join Wade Barisoff, Director of Product Management, Data Protection, Fortra, as he breaks down what CMMC is, why CUI needs safeguarding and why Fortra's Data Classification Suite (DCS) is one of the only solutions that can help organizations who do business in the defense space when it comes to classifying CUI for CMMC requirements.
REGISTER NOW
Featured
Whitepaper

How Digital Guardian Helps Organizations Overcome 7 Data Protection Challenges

Learn how Fortra's Digital Guardian can help organizations overcome seven of the biggest data protection challenges facing businesses today.
READ NOW
Featured
Webinar

Mitigating the Risks of GenAI: Secure Your Data While Empowering Your Workforce

In this webinar, Tyler Croak and Christopher King, Cloud Security experts with Lookout and Fortra respectively, outline best practices to enable your workforce to use GenAI tools safely.
WATCH NOW
Featured
Webinar

20 Years On: Why Do DLP Projects Still Fail?

Data Loss Prevention programs still struggle to keep pace with ever-changing organizational requirements. Get tips from two experts for navigating cybersecurity challenges for real-life DLP customers.
WATCH NOW
Featured
Webinar

A Timeless Problem: Preventing USB Data Loss at Your Organization

Failing to secure USB drives can still cause headaches for defenders. In this webcast, Graeme Batsman, Fortra’s Sr. Professional Services Consultant, will discuss ways organizations can use DLP to control USBs with fine granularity.
WATCH NOW
Featured
Datasheet

Digital Guardian Brochure - 2024

Get a quick look at all Fortra's Digital Guardian has to offer and learn how we're different in this new brochure.
READ NOW
A Key Part of Fortra

Digital Guardian is proud to be part of Fortra’s comprehensive cybersecurity portfolio, and one of the Data Protection family of products. Fortra simplifies today’s complex cybersecurity landscape by bringing complementary products together to solve problems in innovative ways. These integrated, scalable solutions address the fast-changing challenges you face in safeguarding your organization. With the help of the powerful protection from Digital Guardian and others, Fortra is your relentless ally, here for you every step of the way throughout your cybersecurity journey. 

Protect Critical Data and IP
Gain immediate visibility into your organization’s assets.
CONTACT US 
SOLUTIONS
Compliance
Data Visibility
Data Loss Prevention
PRODUCTS
Platform Overview
Endpoint DLP
Network DLP
Cloud Data Protection
Data Classification
Fortra Products
ABOUT
Our Story
Newsroom
Contact
SERVICES & SUPPORT
Support
Partners
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy

   
Copyright © Fortra, LLC and its group of companies. Fortra®, the Fortra® logos, and other identified marks are proprietary trademarks of Fortra, LLC.

===== Scraped from: https://ironnet.com =====

Stay one step ahead of cyber attackers with IronRadar®. Learn more >

The biggest cyber threat is defending alone.
See and stop attacks faster with the IronNet Collective DefenseSM platform.
Request Demo

New: Get instant access to the latest IronRadar Threat Update.  Download the report


 

Detect threats, exchange insights, and stop attacks faster.
From ransomware to IP thefts to attacks on critical infrastructure or supply chains, IronNet understands the evolving cyber threat landscape. 
Explore collective defense
Our products
Defense
The industry's most advanced network detection and response built to detect a broad range of both known and novel cyber threats.
View product
Dome
The first automated cyber defense solution that securely delivers threat knowledge and intelligence across industries at mission speed.
View product
Overwatch
Extend your SOC with our dedicated team offering 24/7/365 NDR services, enhanced by Collective Defense.
View product
IronRadar
Proactive C2 Threat Intelligence Feed. Detect emerging adversary infrastructure with early warnings and easy integration.
View product
The IronNet Collective DefenseSM Platform
The IronNet Collective Defense℠ platform for cybersecurity goes beyond basic NDR capabilities to give you the confidence of knowing you're protected.
Collective Defense Platform
The Impact of the IronNet Collective DefenseSM Platform
00
%

Reduction in mean time to response

0
min

The time to create a threat incident rule decreased from 1 hour to 1 minute

00
%
Decreased risk of a data breach 

$

00

M

Saved each year in time and resources
Collective Defense for Critical Industries
By collaborating in real-time, companies and organizations across sectors can defend industries better, together, by seeing and fighting the same threats.
Financial Services
Mitigate cyber risk and migrate to the cloud securely
Learn more
Defense
Protect competitive intellectual property across the DIB
Learn more
Healthcare
Safeguard protected health information from data breaches
Learn more
Public Sector
Scale-up limited resources through real-time collaboration
Learn more
Energy & Utilities
Improve cybersecurity across the energy supply chain
Learn more
Trusted by industry leaders
It’s time we defend together.
Request demo
Learn and discover
View resources, white papers, reports, and other documentation on IronNet products
and capabilities, as well as cybersecurity thought leadership and education.
EBOOK
Collective Defense: A radar-like view of cyber threats

Keeping up with today's cyber threats requires a collaborative approach

Read more
CASE STUDY
Data sharing in Collective Defense: Myths v. Reality

Southern Company embraces Collective Defense to strengthen sector-wide security and increase energy resilience

Read more
ONDEMAND
Next Generation Cybersecurity: The Call for Collective Defense

Read more
View Resource Library
Talk to an expert
WHY IRONNET
Use Cases
For SOC Analysts
For CISOs
PLATFORM
Collective Defense Platform
IronRadar Threat Intel Feed
INDUSTRIES
Healthcare
Enterprise
Defense
Government
Energy & Utilities
SERVICES
Overwatch Services
COMPANY
About
Leadership
Partners
News
Blog
Careers
CUSTOMER SUPPORT
Knowledge base
LEARN
Resource Library
CONTACT US
© 2024 IronNet, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Sitemap 

===== Scraped from: https://threatconnect.com =====

Skip to main content
ThreatConnect

 

 

Threat Intelligence Operations and
Cyber Risk Quantification with AI Power

Operationalize Threat Intelligence
Put high-fidelity threat intelligence at the core of security operations for more effective cyber defense.
Take the Tour
Learn More 
Quantify Cyber Risk
Evaluate cyber risk in financial terms to prioritize investments and actions.
Take the Tour
Learn More 

Make threat intelligence, security operations, and cyber risk management teams more effective, efficient, and collaborative with AI-powered solutions that enable the operationalization of high-fidelity threat and risk insights.

Threat Intelligence Operations

Evolve your cyber threat intelligence from simply intel managing to truly operationalizing it, ensuring a more informed and proactive cyber defense.

TI Ops benefits for:
THREAT INTEL PRODUCERS:
Bring together all sources of open source, commercial, and internal intelligence
Distill the intel volume into high-fidelity, actionable intelligence 
Shift the focus from intel collection and processing to analysis and sharing
Measure and demonstrate the value and impact of your CTI program

Learn More

THREAT INTEL CONSUMERS:
Relevant and actionable intel when, where, and how it’s needed
Faster time to detect, prevent, and respond to threats
Enhance cyber risk management
Better collaboration and communications

Learn More

 

Don’t Be Confused. Get the Threat Intel Solution You Need.

Threat intel feeds and data services provide intelligence. Threat intelligence platforms let you manage and operationalize multiple sources of commercial, open-source, and internally generated intel. 

See the key differences

 

< >
Cyber Risk Quantification

Quantify cyber risk in dollar terms to comply with regulations, evaluate controls, and improve board reporting.

Get better decision-making knowing the financial impact from threats and security controls
Prioritize and communicate ROI from cybersecurity investments
Communicate cyber risk in business terms to executives and boards of directors

Learn More

 

Trusted By Leading Companies


See how industry leaders are driving outcomes with the ThreatConnect platform.

Customer Success Stories

ThreatConnect allows our organization to collect, analyze, and share intelligence with various teams in a single platform, effectively reducing the amount of time needed for an analyst to produce actionable intelligence to share with our partners and stakeholders.

Threat Intel Analyst

Fortune 100 Global Software Company

ThreatConnect enabled us to quantify ROI and to define business requirements for onboarding technology. Tools need to be open to automation, scalable, and
reliable.

SOC Team Lead

Global Forbes 2000 Hospital & Healthcare System

ThreatConnect is a one stop shop for me. I can get intel, risk, and deep dive into threats and source, all in one place.

Senior Cyber Security Engineer

Global Forbes 2000 Financial Services

ThreatConnect has a vision for security that encompasses the most critical elements – risk, threat, and response. The RQ solution strengthens their offering and increases alignment to our core strategic objectives with one platform to assess our risk and automate and orchestrate our response to it.

Director of Security Operations and Threat Management

Fortune 150 Health and Life Insurance Organization

Previous
Next
Threat and Risk Intelligence Solutions
Evolve Your Threat Intelligence

Move from reactive to proactive security by operationalizing your cyber threat intelligence.

Learn about TI Ops
Industry-leading Risk Quantification

Learn how ThreatConnect sets the industry standard for cyber risk quantification.

Get the Wave
Modern Cyber Threat Intel

Streamline your approach to cyber threat intelligence by using the Evolved Threat Intel Lifecycle.

Evolve Your CTI Program
Contact Us
ThreatConnect USA HQ
3865 Wilson Blvd., Suite 550 Arlington, VA 22203
Romania HQ Office
The Office
Cluj-Napoca Bulevardul 21
Decembrie 1989, nr. 77
Cladirea F, et. 1
Romania
sales@threatconnect.com
+1-703-229-4240
Reach Out Now 
Follow Us
Follow us on twitter
Follow us on linkedin
Follow us on facebook
Follow us on youtube
Platforms
Threat Intelligence Platform
Polarity by ThreatConnect
Risk Quantifier
Threat Intel Services vs Threat Intel Platforms
Resources
Marketplace
All Resources
Blog
Events
News
How We’re Different
Customer Stories
About Us
Leadership
Board of Directors
Recognition
Careers
Use Cases
Unified Threat Library
Automated Intel Enrichment
Automated Malware Analysis
Threat Detection and Prevention
Vulnerability Prioritization
Strategic Intelligence
Alert Triage
Threat Hunting
Incident Response
Partners
Become a Partner
Technology Partners
Solution Providers
Features
CAL
Automation
Intelligence Requirements
Threat Intelligence Reporting
ATT&CK Visualizer
Threat Graph
Intelligence Anywhere
Native Open Source and Novel Intel Feeds
Threat Scoring
Workflows and Case Management
Demonstrate Threat Intel ROI

© Copyright 2024 ThreatConnect

Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service

===== Scraped from: https://protectuk.police.uk =====

We use cookies on this site to give you a better, more personalised experience.

By clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.

 Privacy policy
Accept No, thanks
Skip to main content
Accessibility and language tools
ProtectUK logo
Log in
MENU
PROTECT YOUR BUSINESS
PROTECT THE PUBLIC
PROTECTUK

ProtectUK provides business and the public with counter terrorism support and guidance to effectively protect and prepare

Get Started
                                                                       
                                                                       PROTECTUK IS AWARE OF THE CURRENT ISSUES AFFECTING USER LOG INS AND PASSWORDS ON ITS WEBSITE. 
                                                                       PLEASE NOTE THAT NEW ACCOUNT REGISTRATIONS MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE UNTIL THIS ISSUE IS RESOLVED. 
                                                                       WE APOLOGISE FOR ANY INCONVENIENCE CAUSED. 
NaCTSO attending October UK Retail Risk Conference
Retail Risk is a sponsored series of global conferences with the aim of supporting the retail industry manage a range…
'Martyn’s Law' introduced to Parliament to better protect the public from terrorism
The public will be better protected from terrorism under new laws requiring many public venues to improve preparedness…
Keeping everyone safe at events
There’s a wealth of advice available to event organisers and security staff to ensure that everyone can enjoy…
Visit NaCTSO at the International Security Expo 2024
We invite you to join the National Counter Terrorism Security Office (NaCTSO) at the International Security Expo 2024,…
Development work continues on CT Security Qualification
Following the election and the recent King’s Speech, you will have likely heard that the Terrorism (Protection of…
Security Risk and Guidance for Candidates during Elections 2024
ProtectUK is sharing a safety and security video which has been created for candidates in the upcoming general election…
Join our next ProtectUK Workshop Wednesday session
Sign up to our next virtual workshop session! Aimed at security professionals or those with protective security…
4 easy ways to reassure your customers that safety is a top priority
Communicating protective security measures can act as a free and highly effective layer of security, but will it scare…
Counter Terrorism Policing launches campaign to keep the public safe this summer
Previous
Next

STEPS TO PROTECT
1
Read Advice & Guidance
2
Complete Security Risk Management
3
Engage in the Conversation
CURRENT NATIONAL THREAT LEVEL
SUBSTANTIAL – AN ATTACK IS LIKELY

The threat to the UK (England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland) from terrorism is SUBSTANTIAL. Threat levels are designed to give a broad indication of the likelihood of a terrorist attack.

Read More
Guidance
e-Learning
Webinars
POPULAR
View All
Competent Persons Scheme
The Competent Persons Scheme (CPS) aims to upskill and professionalise the Counter Terrorism Protective Security and Preparedness sphere.
REGION: ALL REGIONS
SECTOR: ALL SECTORS
Publicly accessible locations (PALs) guidance

The threat we face from terrorism is significant. As we have seen in the UK and across Europe attacks can happen at any time and any place without warning. Understanding the threat faced and the ways it can be mitigated can help keep everyone safer. Everyone can play a role in this effort by taking steps to help boost their protective security, whether at work, at home…

REGION: ALL REGIONS
SECTOR: ALL SECTORS
About Advice & Guidance

View latest Advice & Guidance from National Counter Terrorism Security Office and partners.

View All Advice & Guidance
JOIN PROTECTUK

Sign up to ProtectUK today and begin your journey to protecting your community and ensuring preparedness.


Get Started

About
Feedback & Support
Legal
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions
Copyright © 2024 ProtectUK All rights reserved

===== Scraped from: https://forbes.com =====

Subscribe To Newsletters
BREAKING
+1 day ago
House Rejects Bill Aimed At Averting Government Shutdown
+1 day ago
Trump Media Shares Close At Record Low Again As End Of Trump’s Lockup Period Nears
+1 day ago
Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs Loses Bail Denial Appeal After Pleading Not Guilty To Sex Trafficking, Racketeering Charges
4 hours ago
Trump Says If He Loses In November Jewish Voters Will ‘Have A Lot To Do’ With It
10 hours ago
Shohei Ohtani Becomes First MLB Player With 50 Home Runs And 50 Steals In Single Season
12 hours ago
Trump Media Stock Hits Record Low As Trump’s Sale Ban Reaches End
13 hours ago
North Carolina Gov. Candidate Mark Robinson Called Himself ‘Black Nazi,’ Backed Slavery’s Return On Porn Forum, Report Says
14 hours ago
Biggest Rate Cut Stock Winners: Apple, Nvidia Rally $250 Billion, Other Rate-Sensitive Names Rake It In
15 hours ago
Government Shutdown Looming Next Month: Here's What That Means
15 hours ago
Man Charged With Making Hundreds Of Threats To Supreme Court Justices As Security Concerns Mount
Asia Edition
PHILIPPINE CASINO BOOM
Philippine Tycoon Andrew Tan To Invest $700 Million In Boracay, Cebu Casino Projects

ByIan SaysonForbes Staff

Spirits and property tycoon Andrew Tan will spend about $700 million in its casino projects in the central Philippine islands of Boracay and Cebu to tap into the tourism boom.
Singapore’s 50 Richest 2024: A Double-Digit Boost Propels Combined Wealth To $195 Billion

Two expats-turned-citizens, hotelier Ji Qi and George Raymond Zage III, investor in LGBTQ dating app Grindr, join the list.

QUOTE OF THE DAY

“You’re going to be wrong a fair amount of times. So the issue is, how do you be wrong well?”

Ray Dalio, Founder of Bridgewater Associates

SHARE THIS
Trending
Editors’ Picks
Billionaire Thohir’s Adaro Aims To Raise $2.5B From Coal Unit Spinoff
Billionaire Razon Eyes Opening Third Philippine Casino As Soon As 2029
Tycoon Pangilinan Reels In $600 Million For Massive Philippine Solar Project
ByteDance Cofounder Zhang Yiming Is The Richest Person In China
Money
Innovation
Lifestyle
Billionaires
Leadership
BillionairesInnovationLeadershipMoneyBusinessSmall BusinessLifestyleVetted Real EstateListsAdvisorStore
Conferences
ForbesLive Events
Newsletters
Fast Forward InvestingForbes CryptoAsset & Blockchain AdvisorForbes Dividend InvestorForbes InvestorForbes Premium Income ReportForbes Real Estate InvestorSpecial Situation SurveyForbes/Fridson Income Securities InvestorInvesting NewslettersFree Editorial Newsletters
Products
Forbes MagazineForbes MarketplaceForbes BooksForbes Books AudioForbes InsightsReprints, Permissions & LicensingForbes NewsfeedsForbes VettedForbes Advisor Forbes Global PropertiesForbes StoreForbes Custom
Company Info
Editorial Values And StandardsAdvertiseForbes CareersForbes Press RoomForbes Quote of the DayContact UsMachine Readable File: Transparency in CoverageSitemapSend Us FeedbackShare a News Tip with ForbesWho We Are
Forbes Councils
Forbes Agency CouncilForbes Business CouncilForbes Business Development CouncilForbes Coaches CouncilForbes Communications CouncilForbes Finance CouncilForbes Human Resources CouncilForbes Nonprofit CouncilForbes Technology Council
Education
University of Arizona Global Campus
Free Issue of ForbesSubscriber ServicesGift Subscription
Forbes AfricaForbes AfriqueForbes ArgentinaForbes AustraliaForbes AustriaForbes BelgiumForbes Bosnia and HerzegovinaForbes BrazilForbes BulgariaForbes ChinaForbes CroatiaForbes Czech RepublicForbes EcuadorForbes FranceForbes GeorgiaForbes GreeceForbes HungaryForbes IndiaForbes IsraelForbes Italy
Forbes JapanForbes KazakhstanForbes KoreaForbes LuxembourgForbes Lusophone AfricaForbes Middle East (English)Forbes Middle East (Arabic)Forbes MontenegroForbes ParaguayForbes PolandForbes PortugalForbes RomaniaForbes SerbiaForbes SlovakiaForbes SloveniaForbes SpainForbes ThailandForbes TurkeyForbes UkraineForbes UruguayForbes Vietnam
© 2024 Forbes Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of ServicePrivacy StatementDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationLimit the Use of My Sensitive Personal InformationPrivacy PreferencesDigital Terms of SaleMarket Data by MorningstarAdChoicesTo report security issues email us at security@forbes.com
© 2024 Forbes Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
U.S. Edition
Asia Edition
Europe Edition
AdChoices
AdChoices
Privacy Statement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information
Privacy Preferences
Terms of Service
Digital Terms of Sale
Contact Us
Send Us Feedback
Jobs At Forbes
Reprints & Permissions
Forbes Press Room
Advertise

===== Scraped from: https://sentinelone.com =====

Join us for OneCon24.
Experiencing a Breach?
1-855-868-3733
Small Business
Contact
Cybersecurity Blog
EN
The First Security AI Platform to
Protect the Entire Enterprise.
Break Down Security Silos. Gain Enterprise-Wide Visibility and Control. Action Your Data In Real-time with AI.

Enterprise-Wide
Protection

Bring Your Entire Enterprise Ecosystem Together and Enrich Your Security Data.

Bring All Your
Data Together

All of Your Enterprise Data. Enriched and Secured in One Place. Turn Data Into Insights with the Singularity Data Lake.

Protect the
Future

Put Data to Work and Eliminate Risk with the Power of AI.

The Value of
One Platform

Consolidate products, maximize value, and improve business continuity. See why 4 of the Fortune 10 choose the SentinelOne platform over other security vendors.

Reduce
Risk
0%

Faster MTTR with
no delayed detections

Reduce
Costs
0%

Reduction in
operational costs

Maximize
Value
0%

Savings in data
retention costs

Increase
Efficiency
0%

Improvement
in automation

Cybersecurity Platform
AI Cybersecurity Built to
Protect Your Future

Equip your organization with the tools and intelligence to anticipate threats, manage vulnerabilities and protect your cloud, endpoint, and identity resources anywhere in the world. Combined with 24/7/365 threat hunting and managed services, SentinelOne is defining the future of cybersecurity with the Power of AI.

Protect the Endpoint

Securely manage your assets across your entire attack surface with AI-powered EPP, EDR, and XDR.

Secure the Cloud

The cloud is constantly evolving. Transform securely with real time cloud workload protection.

Fortify Identities

Reduce your Active Directory risk, detect and stop credential misuse, and prevent lateral movement.

Turn Data into Actionable Insights

Centralize and Transform Data for High-Performance, AI-Powered Security and Log Analytics.

Accelerate SecOps with Industry-Leading AI

Detect sooner, respond faster, and stay ahead of attacks with Purple AI from SentinelOne—the world’s most advanced AI cybersecurity analyst.

Take Control of Your Entire Security Ecosystem

Protect Everything.
All the Time.

Built on our revolutionary unified data lake, the SentinelOne AI Platform empowers your security teams with AI-powered security tools. Turn mountains of information into actionable insights, and respond in real-time.

Prevent Breaches. Eliminate Risk.

SentinelOne unites endpoint, cloud, identity protection with a XDR integration library for a seamless and efficient cybersecurity experience. Automate key processes and extend capability with a team of security experts.

Optimize Security. Maximize Value.

With one comprehensive security solution that can do it all, your teams save time. Consolidate disparate vendors, reduce training time, and accelerate your time to discovery and response with everything you need in one place.

Securing the Best of the Best
At SentinelOne, customers are #1. Global industry leaders across every vertical choose SentinelOne as their cybersecurity solution of today and tomorrow.

"I would describe SentinelOne in three words. Reliability, performance, and scalability.”

Raymond Schippers - Head of Threat Detection and Response at Canva

"Innovation is king and we have to move fast. SentinelOne gives us the confidence to move quickly, knowing that it has our back.”

Lou Senko - Chief Availability Officer at Q2

"We chose SentinelOne because of the protection. We believe out of the independent testing that SentinelOne is doing the best job in the market.”

Friedrich Wetschnig - CISO & VP Enterprise IT at Flex

"SentinelOne has changed the way we do cybersecurity.”

Tony Tuffe - IT Support Specialist at Norwegian Airlines

"SentinelOne was really like a self-driving car. It aided the team to do bigger and better things.”

Steve O’Conor - Director of IT at Aston Martin Lagonda LTD.

Canva
Q2
Flex
Norwegian
Aston Martin
A Leader in Endpoint Protection. Again.

A Leader in the 2023 Magic Quadrant™ for Endpoint Protection Platforms

01 / 04
Cybersecurity Resources
Resources for Security Leaders
Steve Wozniak to Headline SentinelOne’s OneCon 2024

Press

Steve Wozniak to Headline SentinelOne’s OneCon 2024
How Risk Management Fundamentals Lead to Success

Blog

How Risk Management Fundamentals Lead to Success
SentinelOne CEO Talks CrowdStrike Outage as Customers Look at Alternatives

News

SentinelOne CEO Talks CrowdStrike Outage as Customers Look at Alternatives
An Analyst’s Guide to Effective Threat Research

SentinelLabs

An Analyst’s Guide to Effective Threat Research
A Cloud Workload Protection Platform Buyer’s Guide

eBooks

A Cloud Workload Protection Platform Buyer’s Guide
SentinelOne CISO Checklist For Enterprise Security

Data Sheet

SentinelOne CISO Checklist For Enterprise Security
Mastering Endpoint Security | A CISO’s Blueprint for Resilience

Blog

Mastering Endpoint Security | A CISO’s Blueprint for Resilience
Experience the World’s Most Advanced Cybersecurity Platform

See how our intelligent, autonomous cybersecurity platform harnesses the power of data and AI to protect your organization now and into the future.

©2024 SentinelOne, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Notice
Master Subscription Agreement
Company
Our Customers
Why SentinelOne
Platform
About
Partners
Support
Careers
Legal & Compliance
Security & Compliance
Contact Us
Investor Relations
Resources
Blog
Labs
Product Tour
Press
News
FAQ
Resources
Ransomware Anthology
Global Headquarters

444 Castro Street
Suite 400
Mountain View, CA 94041

+1-855-868-3733

sales@sentinelone.com

Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Language
English

===== Scraped from: https://sentinelone.com =====

The First Security AI Platform to
Protect the Entire Enterprise.
Break Down Security Silos. Gain Enterprise-Wide Visibility and Control. Action Your Data In Real-time with AI.

Enterprise-Wide
Protection

Bring Your Entire Enterprise Ecosystem Together and Enrich Your Security Data.

Bring All Your
Data Together

All of Your Enterprise Data. Enriched and Secured in One Place. Turn Data Into Insights with the Singularity Data Lake.

Protect the
Future

Put Data to Work and Eliminate Risk with the Power of AI.

The Value of
One Platform

Consolidate products, maximize value, and improve business continuity. See why 4 of the Fortune 10 choose the SentinelOne platform over other security vendors.

Reduce
Risk
0%

Faster MTTR with
no delayed detections

Reduce
Costs
0%

Reduction in
operational costs

Maximize
Value
0%

Savings in data
retention costs

Increase
Efficiency
0%

Improvement
in automation

Cybersecurity Platform
AI Cybersecurity Built to
Protect Your Future

Equip your organization with the tools and intelligence to anticipate threats, manage vulnerabilities and protect your cloud, endpoint, and identity resources anywhere in the world. Combined with 24/7/365 threat hunting and managed services, SentinelOne is defining the future of cybersecurity with the Power of AI.

Protect the Endpoint

Securely manage your assets across your entire attack surface with AI-powered EPP, EDR, and XDR.

Secure the Cloud

The cloud is constantly evolving. Transform securely with real time cloud workload protection.

Fortify Identities

Reduce your Active Directory risk, detect and stop credential misuse, and prevent lateral movement.

Turn Data into Actionable Insights

Centralize and Transform Data for High-Performance, AI-Powered Security and Log Analytics.

Accelerate SecOps with Industry-Leading AI

Detect sooner, respond faster, and stay ahead of attacks with Purple AI from SentinelOne—the world’s most advanced AI cybersecurity analyst.

Take Control of Your Entire Security Ecosystem

Protect Everything.
All the Time.

Built on our revolutionary unified data lake, the SentinelOne AI Platform empowers your security teams with AI-powered security tools. Turn mountains of information into actionable insights, and respond in real-time.

Prevent Breaches. Eliminate Risk.

SentinelOne unites endpoint, cloud, identity protection with a XDR integration library for a seamless and efficient cybersecurity experience. Automate key processes and extend capability with a team of security experts.

Optimize Security. Maximize Value.

With one comprehensive security solution that can do it all, your teams save time. Consolidate disparate vendors, reduce training time, and accelerate your time to discovery and response with everything you need in one place.

Securing the Best of the Best
At SentinelOne, customers are #1. Global industry leaders across every vertical choose SentinelOne as their cybersecurity solution of today and tomorrow.

"I would describe SentinelOne in three words. Reliability, performance, and scalability.”

Raymond Schippers - Head of Threat Detection and Response at Canva

"Innovation is king and we have to move fast. SentinelOne gives us the confidence to move quickly, knowing that it has our back.”

Lou Senko - Chief Availability Officer at Q2

"We chose SentinelOne because of the protection. We believe out of the independent testing that SentinelOne is doing the best job in the market.”

Friedrich Wetschnig - CISO & VP Enterprise IT at Flex

"SentinelOne has changed the way we do cybersecurity.”

Tony Tuffe - IT Support Specialist at Norwegian Airlines

"SentinelOne was really like a self-driving car. It aided the team to do bigger and better things.”

Steve O’Conor - Director of IT at Aston Martin Lagonda LTD.

Canva
Q2
Flex
Norwegian
Aston Martin
A Leader in Endpoint Protection. Again.

A Leader in the 2023 Magic Quadrant™ for Endpoint Protection Platforms

01 / 04
Cybersecurity Resources
Resources for Security Leaders
Steve Wozniak to Headline SentinelOne’s OneCon 2024

Press

Steve Wozniak to Headline SentinelOne’s OneCon 2024
How Risk Management Fundamentals Lead to Success

Blog

How Risk Management Fundamentals Lead to Success
SentinelOne CEO Talks CrowdStrike Outage as Customers Look at Alternatives

News

SentinelOne CEO Talks CrowdStrike Outage as Customers Look at Alternatives
An Analyst’s Guide to Effective Threat Research

SentinelLabs

An Analyst’s Guide to Effective Threat Research
A Cloud Workload Protection Platform Buyer’s Guide

eBooks

A Cloud Workload Protection Platform Buyer’s Guide
SentinelOne CISO Checklist For Enterprise Security

Data Sheet

SentinelOne CISO Checklist For Enterprise Security
Mastering Endpoint Security | A CISO’s Blueprint for Resilience

Blog

Mastering Endpoint Security | A CISO’s Blueprint for Resilience
Experience the World’s Most Advanced Cybersecurity Platform

See how our intelligent, autonomous cybersecurity platform harnesses the power of data and AI to protect your organization now and into the future.

===== Scraped from: https://sentinelone.com =====

The First Security AI Platform to
Protect the Entire Enterprise.
Break Down Security Silos. Gain Enterprise-Wide Visibility and Control. Action Your Data In Real-time with AI.

Enterprise-Wide
Protection

Bring Your Entire Enterprise Ecosystem Together and Enrich Your Security Data.

Bring All Your
Data Together

All of Your Enterprise Data. Enriched and Secured in One Place. Turn Data Into Insights with the Singularity Data Lake.

Protect the
Future

Put Data to Work and Eliminate Risk with the Power of AI.

The Value of
One Platform

Consolidate products, maximize value, and improve business continuity. See why 4 of the Fortune 10 choose the SentinelOne platform over other security vendors.

Reduce
Risk
0%

Faster MTTR with
no delayed detections

Reduce
Costs
0%

Reduction in
operational costs

Maximize
Value
0%

Savings in data
retention costs

Increase
Efficiency
0%

Improvement
in automation

Cybersecurity Platform
AI Cybersecurity Built to
Protect Your Future

Equip your organization with the tools and intelligence to anticipate threats, manage vulnerabilities and protect your cloud, endpoint, and identity resources anywhere in the world. Combined with 24/7/365 threat hunting and managed services, SentinelOne is defining the future of cybersecurity with the Power of AI.

Protect the Endpoint

Securely manage your assets across your entire attack surface with AI-powered EPP, EDR, and XDR.

Secure the Cloud

The cloud is constantly evolving. Transform securely with real time cloud workload protection.

Fortify Identities

Reduce your Active Directory risk, detect and stop credential misuse, and prevent lateral movement.

Turn Data into Actionable Insights

Centralize and Transform Data for High-Performance, AI-Powered Security and Log Analytics.

Accelerate SecOps with Industry-Leading AI

Detect sooner, respond faster, and stay ahead of attacks with Purple AI from SentinelOne—the world’s most advanced AI cybersecurity analyst.

Take Control of Your Entire Security Ecosystem

Protect Everything.
All the Time.

Built on our revolutionary unified data lake, the SentinelOne AI Platform empowers your security teams with AI-powered security tools. Turn mountains of information into actionable insights, and respond in real-time.

Prevent Breaches. Eliminate Risk.

SentinelOne unites endpoint, cloud, identity protection with a XDR integration library for a seamless and efficient cybersecurity experience. Automate key processes and extend capability with a team of security experts.

Optimize Security. Maximize Value.

With one comprehensive security solution that can do it all, your teams save time. Consolidate disparate vendors, reduce training time, and accelerate your time to discovery and response with everything you need in one place.

Securing the Best of the Best
At SentinelOne, customers are #1. Global industry leaders across every vertical choose SentinelOne as their cybersecurity solution of today and tomorrow.

"I would describe SentinelOne in three words. Reliability, performance, and scalability.”

Raymond Schippers - Head of Threat Detection and Response at Canva

"Innovation is king and we have to move fast. SentinelOne gives us the confidence to move quickly, knowing that it has our back.”

Lou Senko - Chief Availability Officer at Q2

"We chose SentinelOne because of the protection. We believe out of the independent testing that SentinelOne is doing the best job in the market.”

Friedrich Wetschnig - CISO & VP Enterprise IT at Flex

"SentinelOne has changed the way we do cybersecurity.”

Tony Tuffe - IT Support Specialist at Norwegian Airlines

"SentinelOne was really like a self-driving car. It aided the team to do bigger and better things.”

Steve O’Conor - Director of IT at Aston Martin Lagonda LTD.

Canva
Q2
Flex
Norwegian
Aston Martin
A Leader in Endpoint Protection. Again.

A Leader in the 2023 Magic Quadrant™ for Endpoint Protection Platforms

01 / 04
Cybersecurity Resources
Resources for Security Leaders
Steve Wozniak to Headline SentinelOne’s OneCon 2024

Press

Steve Wozniak to Headline SentinelOne’s OneCon 2024
How Risk Management Fundamentals Lead to Success

Blog

How Risk Management Fundamentals Lead to Success
SentinelOne CEO Talks CrowdStrike Outage as Customers Look at Alternatives

News

SentinelOne CEO Talks CrowdStrike Outage as Customers Look at Alternatives
An Analyst’s Guide to Effective Threat Research

SentinelLabs

An Analyst’s Guide to Effective Threat Research
A Cloud Workload Protection Platform Buyer’s Guide

eBooks

A Cloud Workload Protection Platform Buyer’s Guide
SentinelOne CISO Checklist For Enterprise Security

Data Sheet

SentinelOne CISO Checklist For Enterprise Security
Mastering Endpoint Security | A CISO’s Blueprint for Resilience

Blog

Mastering Endpoint Security | A CISO’s Blueprint for Resilience
Experience the World’s Most Advanced Cybersecurity Platform

See how our intelligent, autonomous cybersecurity platform harnesses the power of data and AI to protect your organization now and into the future.