Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology (KMIT), established in year 2007, is one of the premier engineering colleges in the state of Telangana. KMIT is sponsored by Keshav Memorial Education Society (KMES), well known in Hyderabad, for the past 75 years, for running various educational institutions of repute. KMIT is approved by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), New Delhi, and affiliated to Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University (JNTU), Hyderabad and recognized by the Govt. of Telangana. KMIT is co-promoted and powered by Genesis Solutions Pvt. Ltd, a premier institute in Hyderabad imparting industry focused software training and education in emerging technologies and having tie-ups with leading MNCs. KMIT campus is located in Narayanaguda, a central locality in the city of Hyderabad.
KMIT has carved a niche for itself by focusing on providing holistic education that inculcates problem solving skills, professional and ethical responsibilities. The various programmes and platforms offered by the college encourage learner autonomy. Its notable initiatives include – Trishul, coaching for BEC, Finishing School, UTTKARSH, TESSELLATOR and add on programs under SONET. KMIT has the distinctive advantage of being located in the heart of the city i.e. Narayanguda. This allows an ease of connectivity to every part of Hyderabad what with the metro station, bus stop situated very close to the college. 
The Department of Computer Science and Engineering at Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology was established in the year 2007 with an intake of 60. The intake is gradually increased to 300 ...
The Department of CSE (Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning) at Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology starting from the academic year 2020 with an intake of 120...
The Department of CSE ( Data Science) at Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology starting from the academic year 2020-21 with an intake of 60...
The Department of IT at Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology was established in the year 2007 with an intake of 60. The Department focuses on preparing the students ...
Aboutus
Established in 2007, KMIT is affiliated to Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad, and is approved by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), New Delhi. KMIT strongly believes in encouraging learner autonomy which the administration and Faculty facilitate by building a learner centric environment. Also, continuous efforts are made towards modernising and upgrading its resources and teaching-learning processes in tandem with the latest technological trends.
KMIT has the distinctive advantage of being located in the heart of the city i.e. Narayanguda. This allows an ease of connectivity to every part of Hyderabad what with the metro station, bus stop situated very close to the college.
Vision and Mission
To be the fountain head in producing highly skilled, globally competent engineers.
Producing quality graduates trained in the latest software technologies and related tools and striving to make India a world leader in software products and services.
To provide a learning environment that inculcates problem solving skills, professional, ethical responsibilities, lifelong learning through multi modal platforms and prepare students to become successful professionals.
To establish industry institute Interaction to make students ready for the industry.
To provide exposure to students on latest hardware and software tools.
To promote research based projects/activities in the emerging areas of technology convergence.
To encourage and enable students to not merely seek jobs from the industry but also to create new enterprises.
To induce a spirit of nationalism which will enable the student to develop, understand lndia's challenges and to encourage them to develop effective solutions.
To support the faculty to accelerate their learning curve to deliver excellent service to students.
Quality Policy
KMIT is committed to achieve global excellence and standards in teaching, research, consulting and placements by providing conducive environment in the fields of computer sciences and information technology, with professional and global outlook thereby ensuring continuous advancement.
Core Values
A cynic is one who knows the price of everything but the value of nothing.”
                    Hence it should be a constant endeavour among institutional and organizational
                    communities to nurture what can be treasured as core values.
A few carefully assorted core values are assiduously set into the general
                    ambience of KMIT and aligned to its mission and vision and reflected in the
                    general development of curricular and personal growth of Faculty, Staff and
                    students. Here are some of the envisioned core values which not only uphold the
                    ideals of the College but also connect with the National spirit making Higher
                    Educational Institution a temple of learning and knowledge.
Achievements
1. 2021: Ranked one among the top 100 local chapters by NPTEL
1. 2020: Awarded INR 50 Lakhs for development of Clinical Translational Research CAD project (BIRAC/IKP01207/BIG-16/20) by BIRAC (Bio-technology Industry Research Assistance Council), Dept. of Biotechnology, and Govt. of India.
2. 2020: Awarded 4.5 stars by Institution Innovation Council (IIC) for undertaking various activities prescribed by Innovation Cell, MoE, Govt. of India to promote Innovation and Start-Up culture in campus.
3. 2019: Ranked 91 globally in IEEEXTREME Competition.
4. 2018 & 2019: Ranked 1 in NPTEL
5. 2018: Won 1st Prize in Smart India Hackathon
6. 2017: Won the award for Best Academic Support at the Best 25 Higher Education Preparation Centre Awards for South Asia organised by Cambridge English Language Assessment
7. 2016: Won the award for Innovation & Growth at the Cambridge English Annual Co-ordinators Meet.
8. 2015: Finalists at  2015 Cambridge English Language Assessment awards for preparation centres for the category Digital Innovation & Technology. We were the only college in the entire of Asia to have made it.
9. 2013: Bagged 2nd  position  all over  India in Microsoft Imagine cup.
10. 2018 - present: 64 GSoC Projects
11. 2010: Ranked first in IBM The Great Mind Challenge, a National Competition.

 Keshav Memorial Educational Society was founded in the year 1940 with a motto of ‘Service through Education’. It is well known in Hyderabad, for the past 75 years for running various educational institutes of repute. KMES celebrated its platinum jubilee year in 2014-15. This society was formed in the sacred memory of Justice Keshav Rao Koratkar, an eminent educationist, social reformer and political activist. He was a close associate of Bala Gangadhar Tilak and took active role in the freedom struggle of India. After he passed away, his son Pandit Vinayak Rao Vidyalanka, who was a Minister in the Burgula Ramakrishna Rao’s cabinet and Member of Parliament, started a middle school in his father’s memory. It started with 10-15 students and now has many educational institutions and many eminent people as the alumni of the institutions.
Shri. L Narasimha Reddy is the president of KMIT.
About the President:
Justice L. Narasimha Reddy (born 1 August 1953) is the Chief Justice of Patna High Court and was the senior most judge in of Hyderabad High Court. Narasimha Reddy was born in an Agriculture family in Gavicharla village, Warangal, Telangana. He received his B.Sc. degree from C.K.M. College, Warangal, and went on to earn his Bachelors as well as Master's Degree in Law (International Law) from Osmania University, Hyderabad.
Mr. Neil Gogte is the founder of KMIT.
About the Founder:
Mr. Neil Gogte is the Founder Director and heads KMIT(Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology). He is a Masters Degree holder in Computer Science from IIT - Mumbai and got his B.E degree from Osmania University, Hyderabad in 1985. He started his career with CMC Ltd., and was part of the development team of Office Mate, an Office Automation application. He was then part of the team at Sun Microsystems, USA, for the development of SUNRAI, an interface to the backend ERP applications running on IBM systems. Recently, He also headed the Leapstone Incs India Offshore development center.
In 1991, He established Genesis Solutions Pvt. Ltd., an IT education and training firm. During this period he offered training and consultancy on various projects involving technologies like C, C++, Oracle, Oracle financials, SAP, Java, Microsoft.NET, J2ME and BREW. Since 1991 till date, he has been a guiding force to number of engineering graduates as well as M.Tech Students and trained more than 70,000+ Software Professionals. He works with engineering students, who join his lab and does a number of development and experimental projects along with them every year contributing to development of software and training. He has been a very successful technocrat - entrepreneur in the area of high end technology training with over 25 years of experience in the IT industry. A true visionary that he is, the multitude of skill sets that he has been endowed with is what motivates the team at TeleUniv to continue contributing towards the best of development and education to the society.
Founder's Message:
Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology Hyderabad has been serving as nation’s flagship comprehensive institution of higher education. We are advancing institute’s tradition of excellence in Engineering and Technology Education through high quality teaching methodology in our Finishing School. KMIT promotes research, on-site industry executive training and service. We continue to rank among the nation’s best intensive industry interactive Engineering schools. Our distinguished faculty has extensive ties with leading engineering and research community, are able to bring the best scientist and engineers into our programs as visiting faculty and guest speakers.Mr. Neil Gogte
Mr. Nitin Sahasrabudhe is the director of KMIT.
About the Director:
Mr. Nitin Sahasrabudhe is the Director of Genesis Solutions Pvt. Ltd. He has Bachelors degree in Electronics & Communications Engineering. Prior to leading educational institutes, he worked with various companies in India and abroad in the field of Sales. He brings along with him more than 25 years of experience in direct project and product sales in Healthcare and IT Industries.
Director's Message:
The prestigious, Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology , since its inception in 2007 has made remarkable progress by following the mantra of student centric approach, whether it is in academics or in extra co-curricular activities. The institute possess a state of art infrastructure with equipped laboratories, well stocked library and highly qualified faculty. We at, KMIT introduce our students to the Outcome Based Education and trained with skills in various disciplines. In addition to developing excellent scientific and engineering skills, the students are motivated not only to dream big but also encouraged to think unconventionally to face the challenges of the future, incorporating employability skills in tune with the industry requirement and provide platform for Entrepreneurship. It has been our constant endeavour to instill in our students ethical values hereby making them socially responsible citizens. The institution has stood for quality and excellence and still thriving to be the best in the years to come. Keeping our vision and mission of the institution, we believe in Imagine-Invent-Inspire. In the making of dynamic individuals in the society.Mr. Nitin Sahasrabudhe

Dr. B L Malleswari is the principal of KMIT.
About the Principal:
Dr. B L Malleswari, currently serving as the Principal at KMIT, Hyderabad, boasts an impressive 28-
year career in teaching at the engineering level, with prior roles including Principal at Sridevi
Women’s Engineering College. Holding a Ph.D. from JNTUH and an M.S. in Electronics and Control
Systems from BITS Pilani, she brings with her a wealth of academic expertise. With over 130
publications, her research contributions span international and national journals, earning
recognition with various IDs like Vidwan, Orcid, Scopus, and Google Scholar. Dr. Malleswari has
received notable awards, including the Women in Education Award and Bharat Vikas Award. A
seasoned professional, she has guided numerous Ph.D. and postgraduate projects, displaying a
commitment to academic excellence.
Deepa Ganu is the academic director of KMIT.
About the Academic Director:
Deepa Ganu, the charismatic Academic Director of Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology,  has always been a proactive person and she has constructively involved herself in all the activities of the college. She graduated B. Tech in ECE from Pune University and M.Tech from JNTU Hyderabad. She consistently displays a fervent zeal in the academic progress of the students and the staff.She strongly believes in herself, and has immense trust in her mentors, her peers and her team. She took up a mission to ignite the young minds and nurture them with the potential to reach greater horizons. She is a student-friendly person and her forte is to identify their technical edge and channelize their skills in the right direction with her valuable guidance. She trained and shared her expertise with thousands of students who could excel and compete on various national and international platforms like Microsoft Imagine Cup, IBM’s The Great Mind Challenge, Google Summer of Code, and Amazon Campus Mentorship Series. She conducted various corporate training programmes for reputed campuses like Verizon, HP, and CA Global and for government agencies like DRDL and RCI.She dares to dream; works smart; strives for excellence; and enjoys every step of her journey all the way which made her scale greater heights. She authored a book titled "JAVA spoken Tutorials", an IIT Bombay initiative. Big names in the corporate world like IBM, Google, and Virtusa bestowed her with the prestigious titles, "Best Mentor, and "Acharya" for her unprecedented contribution to pedagogy. She has been an inspiration and role model in the field of education and that made her the recipient of the prestigious "Drona" Award.

KMIT continues to maintain the streak of record placements for 2023-2024 Batch. So far 103 companies have visited the campus and 662 offers were rolled out. 511* out of 557 registered students got placed with an average salary of 9.69LPA.
Highlights:
1.	10 students received job offers with salary of more than 40 lakhs per annum.
2.	06 students received job offers with salaries between 20 to 40 lakhs per annum.
3.	61 students received job offers with salaries between 15 to 20 lakhs per annum.
4.	149 students received job offers with salaries between 10 to 15 lakhs per annum.
5.	71 students received job offers with salaries between 08 – 10 lakhs per annum.
6.	174 Students received job offers with salaries between 06 – 08 lakhs per annum.
7.	63 Students received job offers with salaries between 05 – 06 lakhs per annum.
Thrilled to announce a record-setting placement for KMIT's Class of 2024. A sincere thank you to all the recruiters for not only recognizing the potential in our students but also for standing by them in the face of adversity. Your invaluable contribution has not only secured placements but has also instilled confidence in our students as they embark on their corporate journey.
To the Class of 2024, congratulations on your well-deserved success!

